Subject: [dm-l] Late Antiquity Conference



THE SOCIETY FOR LATE ANTIQUITY

presents

SHIFTING FRONTIERS IN LATE ANTIQUITY VI:

"Romans, Barbarians, and the
Transformation of the Roman World"

The University of Illinois -- Urbana/Champaign

17-20 March 2005

Generously supported by the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, the 
Medieval Studies Program, the Departments of History, Classics, and English, 
and the School of Art and Design at UIUC
Web page: www.sc.edu/ltantsoc/sf6reg.htm

The conference will take an interdisciplinary look at new ways of 
understanding interactions between Romans and barbarians and at the fate of 
the Roman world during the fourth through the seventh centuries AD. It will 
provide a forum for the discussion of the most up-to-date research and 
thought on the fate of the Roman world in the context of Roman and barbarian 
relations. As in the past, we will bring together scholars who represent 
different methodological, disciplinary, geographical, and chronological 
perspectives. Contributions will deal with topics related to (1) The 
creation/evolution of barbarian and/or Roman identity; (2) The nature of the 
interaction between the Roman and barbarian cultural worlds (e.g. language, 
literature, religion, material culture); (3) The interpretation of the 
evidence of both literature and material culture; (4) Issues of 
continuity/change with regard to social, political, and religious 
institutions; (5) the historiography of perceptions of Romans and barbarians 
and its significance for the modern world; and (6) Theoretical models that 
help to interpret the nature of barbarian-Roman interactions.









SPECIAL EXHIBIT OF MEROVINGIAN ARTIFACTS

In conjunction with the conference, the universitys Spurlock Museum will be 
mounting an exbibit of the museums extensive collection of Merovingian 
artifacts, one of the best such collections in the country. Several 
conference presentations will be devoted to discussion of the Merovingian 
collection.

LOCAL ARRANGEMENTS

The Conference sessions will be held in the Illini Union on the University 
of Illinois -- Urbana/Champaign . Sessions will run from mid afternoon on 
Thursday, March 17, thorough the morning of Sunday, March 20. All sessions 
will be plenary, and papers will be approximately 20 minutes each. There 
will be regular breaks, with refreshments, allowing ample time for 
discussion and personal interaction among the registrants.

TRANSPORTATION

Champaign/Urbana (also known as Chambana or Shampoo/Banana) is easily 
accessible by plane, train, or car. Those coming by air will arrive in 
Urbana/Champaign at Willard Airport (CMI), which is served by Delta, United, 
and Northwest Airlines. Shuttle service from the airport will be available 
for registrants who make known their arrival and departure times. For those 
looking for budget flights, there are a many airports within about 130 
miles, including Chicago (OHare and Midway), Indianapolis, Bloomington 
(IL), Springfield, and Peoria  for those flying into any  of these, it 
might prove more convenient to rent a car at the airport. By land, 
Champaign/Urbana is easily accessible by I-57 from Chicago and St. Louis, 
I-74 from Indianapolis, and I-72 from Springfield. The Amtrak City of New 
Orleans train delivers passengers from the north (Chicago) and south 
(Memphis) and stops in downtown Champaign.





ACCOMMODATIONS

A block of rooms has been reserved at the Hampton Inn, 1200 West University 
Avenue, Urbana, IL 61801, Phone:  (217) 337-1100 (voice)   Fax:  (217) 
337-1143, at a special conference rate of $65 per night for a single and $70 
for a double. This is a very good rate! Reservations must be made by March 
1, 2005. When booking rooms, be sure to mention either Shifting Frontiers 
or Code SFC. The Hampton Inn is a short 5-block walk from the Illini 
Union, where most of the sessions will be held. Additional guest rooms are 
available in the Illini Union itself, with rates ranging from $75 for a 
single to $100 for a four-person room (which works out to $25 each!). 
_redacted_(a)uiuc.edu, and information may be 
consulted at http://www.union.uiuc.edu/services/guestrooms/rates.html..Those 
who would like to arrange shared rooms should contact the organizers who 
will put you in touch with like-minded persons. Parking is available at both 
the Hampton and the Union for guests who have rooms.

REGISTRATION

Registration for the Conference is $100 ($50 for students), and will include 
the abstract booklet, two continental breakfasts, a lunch, the Sunday 
morning farewell brunch, five refreshment breaks, two evening receptions 
with hors doeuvres, and a Saturday evening dinner dance [This is a real 
bargain! How many other conferences does one attend where all one gets for 
$100 is a nametag?]. Students also may register at a reduced rate of $20 to 
attend the sessions only. Seating space is be limited, so registration as 
early as possible is encouraged.

FURTHER INFORMATION

_redacted_(a)uiuc.edu 
(Department of History, Univ. of Illinois B Urbana/ Champaign, Urbana, IL 
_redacted_(a)uiuc.edu (Department of 
Classics, Univ. of Illinois B Urbana/ Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA: 
217-333-1009).





ROSTER OF PRESENTATIONS

Edward Watts (Indiana Univ.) "Pope Leo the Antichrist and the Fall of the 
Western Roman Empire"

Mary Williams (San Mateo) "Polybius and Ammianus on Barbarians"

Cristiana Sogno (Cornell University) "Barbarians as Spectacle: An 
Interpretation of Symm. Or. 2.10-12"

Jason Moralee (Illinois Wesleyan Univ.) "'The Barbarous-Sounding Enemy': 
Commemorating the Defeat of Barbarians in a Recently Discovered Epigram from 
Late Roman Petra"

Yuval Shahar (Tel Aviv University (Israel)) "Unifying or dividing the 
barbarians? Diocletian, the Jews and the Samaritans"

Andrew W. White (Univ. of Maryland--College Park) "Proper Care and Feeding 
of the Wild Mime: A Study in Domestication from Late Antiquity"

Jeremy Schott (Duke Univ.) "Porphyry's Allegorical Interpretations of 
Barbarian Religion and Philosophy and the Construction of Identity in the 
Later Roman Empire"

Elizabeth Digeser (Univ. of California-Santa Barbara) "Hellenes, Barbarians, 
and Christians: Religion and Identity Politics in Diocletian's Rome"

Young Kim (Univ. of Michigan) "A Theological and Historical Definition of 
Barbarism in the Panarion of Epiphanius of Cyprus"

Moshe Fischer (Tel Aviv. Univ.) "Assimilation, Acculturation, Barbarization: 
The Corinthian Capital in the Eastern Mediterranean as an Example"

Johanna K. Sandrock (LSU) "Cernunnos ego sum: The Myth of Actaeon on 
Provincial Roman Funerary Reliefs"

Katharine C. Hunvald (Univ. of Missouri--Columbia) "Breaching a 
Seventh-century Artistic Frontier: The Warnebertus Reliquary"

Scott de Brestian (Univ. of Missouri-Columbia ) "Vascones and Visigoths: 
Creation and Transformation of Identity in Northern Spain"

Linda Ellis (San Francisco State Univ.) "To Be or Not To Be Roman: 
Geographic Approaches to Analyzing Human Relatedness in the Lower Danube 
Region (2nd-7th Centuries)"

Michael Jones (Bates College) "Text, Artifact and Genome: The Disputed 
Nature of the Anglo-Saxon Migration into Britain"

Greg Fisher (McGill Univ. (Canada)) "The Transformation of romanitas: 
Creating a New Identity for Post-Roman Britain"

David Klingle (FSU) "Romano-British vs. Anglo-Saxon Identity in England: The 
Evidence of Burials"

Gillian Clark (Univ. of Bristol (England)) "Augustine and the Merciful 
Barbarians"

Kevin Uhalde (Ohio Univ.) "Barbarian Traffic, Demon Oaths, and Christian 
Scruples: Aug. Ep. 46-47"

David Riggs (Indiana Wesleyan Univ.) "Vandal Contributions to the 
Christianization of North Africa"

Salim Faraji (Claremont Graduate University) "Rome and Kush: Cultural 
Encounter on the Egyptian Southern Frontier"

Scott John McDonough (UCLA) "Were the Sasanians Barbarians? Roman Writers on 
the 'Empire of the Persians'"

Jan Willem Drijvers (Univ. of Groningen (Netherlands)) "Rome's Image of the 
'Barbarian' Sassanians"

Kimberly Kagan (Yale Univ.) "Spies Like Us: Treason and Identity in the 
Later Roman Empire"

Michele Renee Salzman (Univ. of California--Riverside) "Symmachus and the 
'Barbarian' Generals"

Edward James (University College, Dublin (Ireland)) "Rex Francorum, Rex 
Romanorum Revisited"

Steve Fanning (Univ. of Illinois--Chicago) "Reguli in the Later Roman Empire 
and the Germanic Kingdoms"

Amelia Robertson Brown (Univ. of California-- Berkeley) "The Overthrow of 
the Temples and the Ruin of the Whole of Greece: Rhetoric and Archaeology in 
Barbarian Invasions of Late Roman Greece"

David T. Fletcher (Indiana Univ.) "Constantine III and the Barbarian 
Invasion of Gaul"

Walter Goffart (Yale Univ.) "The Three Meanings of 'Migration Age'"

Ekaterina Nechaeva (Univ. of Sienna (Italy)) "The Problem of Deserters in 
Roman-Barbarian Diplomatic Relations in Late Antique "

Noel Lenski (Univ. of Colorado) "Slavery, Captivity, and Romano-Barbarian 
Interchange"

Hartmut Ziche (Univ. of Antilles and Guyana) "Barbarian Raiders and 
Barbarian Peasants: Models of Ideological and Economic Integration"

Cam Grey (Univ. of Chicago) "The ius colonatus as a model for the settlement 
of barbarian prisoners-of-war in the late Roman Empire?"

Andreas Schwarcz (Univ. of Vienna) "Visigothic Settlement, Hospitalitas and 
Army Payment Reconsidered"

Dmitry Starostin (Univ. of Toronto (Canada)) "Barbarians and/or Romans: 
Discourses of Justice in Merovingian Court Verdicts and Narrative Sources"

Bailey Young (Eastern Illinois Univ.)/Patrick Périn (Directeur du Musée des 
Antiquités nationales, France), Plenary Lecture: "The Importance of 
Merovingian Archaeology"





REGISTRATION FORM

SHIFTING FRONTIERS IN LATE ANTIQUITY VI:

"Romans, Barbarians, and the Transformation of the Roman World"

The University of Illinois -- Urbana/Champaign

17-20 March 2005

Name:_________________________________________________________________

Affiliation/Place of Residence:_____________________________________________

Address: 	___________________________________________________________

		___________________________________________________________

Phone: Office ___________________ Home _________________________

EMAIL ___________________ FAX _________________________

Arriving on _______________ airline at __________ (time) on __________ 
(date)

Registration Fee

The full registration fee of $100 includes the book of abstracts, 
continental breakfast, 5 refreshment breaks, 2 evening receptions, Saturday 
lunch, Sunday farewell brunch, and Saturday evening dinner/dance. Students 
may register for $50 for all events or $20 to attend sessions only.

I wish to register for ____ persons and enclose $__________

Please make checks/money orders payable in U.S. dollars to: Late Antiquity 
Conference

And mail to: Ralph W. Mathisen, Dept. of History, 309 Gregory Hall, 
University of Illinois, Urbana, IL  61800, USA



--3338391395624332950-

