Subject:

Marjorie Burghart a écrit:

Dear colleagues,
We've just launched BibliOnline, a new Open Source bibliographic database
software with a built in Z3950 client. The Z3950 part has to be improved (the
next major development effort will be directed to extend the possibilities of
this built-in client), but it's already up and running. Alas, we still don't
have an english transltaion (all volunteers are welcome), so you'll have to
practice french if you're interested in this application.

This is the application homepage :
http://biblionline.mom.fr/

With my best regards,
Marjorie Burghart

Daniel O'Donnell a écrit:

Digital Medievalist Journal (Inaugural Issue Fall 2004). Call for papers:
http://www.digitalmedievalist.org/cfp.htm
----------------
Hello all,
   I use Procite (<http://www.procite.com/> to keep my bibliography, mostly
because it has a good Z39.5 client. Z39.50 <http://www.loc.gov/z3950/agency/>
is an international standard used by many libraries (though not the Royal Dutch
Library, duizend bliksembommen!)  for data interchange. In the case of procite,
what this means is that I can download book information, including call numbers
and subject fields directly from various libraries. Amongst other things, it has
made it quite easy to rearrange my personal library using LoC call numbers (not
a perfect system, of course, but since it comes ready made, I can't complain).

   Anyway, I want now to built an on-line catalogue of my stuff, so I can check
if I own something when I am in a foreign library. Originally, I was just going
to dumpt the procite format to a database (it is built on a 45 field database)
and use PHP and MySQL to built a simple front end. But then I began to wonder
if perhaps an open source system already existed. Does anybody know of one?
Basically what I need is a robust bibliographic database with a Z39.50 client
built in.

   -dan

--
Marjorie Burghart
Université Lyon II

--1875903025234108238-

