Subject: Re: [dm-l] Re: dm-l Digest, Vol 11, Issue 6

Hi all,

I tend to agree on Martin Holmes point. Apparently however, he's talking 
from a luxurious position. Wow, having your own Humanities Computing Centre, 
with stable funding and reliable job opportunities for 
researcher/programmers. Brilliant, I'm truly jealous! In The Netherlands 
(and I guess in other countries too) we're only having a toehold on stable 
funding for computational aspects in Humanities. Most programming, research 
and development in Humanities Computing is still ad hoc and moreover ad hoc 
funded. Imagine: lone researchers that somewhere along the way grasped the 
potentials of information technology cowboy coding away. Do not even think 
of stable coding environments, shared languages, good programming practices 
and standards compliance! (Okay, I might be exaggerating somewhat for the 
benefit of clearness:)

It's of course only in proving the added value of computational approaches 
that we should be able to gain firmer ground. But in that case it would 
clearly help us a lot when building tools would also benefit one's academic 
esteem.

Having said that, I totally disagree with Martin's last point. Open sourcing 
is not about abandoning your source code. It's about giving the Humanities 
community insight in what you are doing for benefit of academic review and 
control. Research based on computation should always be reproducible and 
controllable by peers. Also peers should be able to do code review to 
control the exact and correct working of any algorithm. That can only be 
accomplished by open sourcing your code bases. 

y.s.,
Joris van Zundert


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