Subject: Re: [dm-l] Are markup languages obsolete?

Hi all,

That mark up would go obsolete as facsimile become readily available seems 
to me a preposterous conclusion. As mark up is in use as a means of data 
exchange in many more domains than digital editing alone, it is in no way 
possible to call it obsolete. Moreover, facsimile of manuscript material can 
hardly be called machine readable. As long as OCR is not able to 
'understand' handwriting, transcription and mark up will proof its uses for 
the humanities domain.

However, as good digital humanities scholars we should always question our 
mark up practice as progression in information technology is made. Because 
Peter is my colleague I know he favors handcrafted TEI mark up as a means of 
simultaneously structuring ones thoughts about a text as well as the text 
itself. This might be. But arguably tagging text according to TEI guidelines 
(or any other standard for that matter) is a laborious and potentially 
frustrating task, especially when you're a newby on the job. From experience 
I can tell that TEI is hardly the way to win over 'digital dummies' to the 
digital humanities side of the broader argument.

I do think that numerable emerging projects (like Kevin Kiernan's 'Edition 
Production Tool' (EPT) and Sebastian Rahtz' Open Office TEI filter) are 
doing an increasingly good job at both abstracting away form the 
TEI-particulars and hiding the major amount of time and work involved in 
applying XML by hand. Which is what good software tools should be all about: 
abstracting from technical particulars and supporting any process in such a 
way the it becomes faster, more efficient and easier to use. Thus providing 
the tools that answer to the scholars intuition when handling and 
structuring text, seems a good way forward to me. That mark up recedes into 
the background due to such abstracting developments is a good thing. Just 
like you don't need to know the XML particulars of an OTD-XML file to write 
a perfectly comprehensible letter in Open Office, you shouldn't need to know 
the TEI-XML particulars when structuring a text for literary research 
purposes. The research value is in the act of structuring, not in the 
particular tagset used and not even in the mark up model applied.

So I'd say there's indeed a paradox. Bolton is right in that TEI should 
become obsolete in the foreground of digital scholarly edition tools. But as 
TEI/XML recedes from the editing screen to the file, it will of course in no 
way become obsolete as a perfectly good means of storing edition material. 
But sadly, Bolton (as qouted by Dan at least) does not appear to have come 
to this kind of perception. She just seems to forward XML to oblivion 
because she now can see a scanned original.
 
Yours sincerely,
Joris


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