Subject: [dm-l] FW: ticer "digital library school"

FYI

-----Original Message-----
From: TEI (Text Encoding Initiative) public discussion list on behalf of Eric Lease Morgan
Sent: Wed 23/05/2007 11:15
_redacted_(a)listserv.brown.edu
Subject: ticer "digital library school"
 
Consider attending the Ticer "digital library school" in August, and  
specifically participating in a workshop called "Open Source Software  
for Libraries and XML":

   http://www.tilburguniversity.nl/services/lis/ticer/07carte/ 
program.html#3

Open Source Software

The day-long workshop is divided into two parts. The first is about  
open source software. Given the linked texts and the accompanying set  
of software, the student will learn the ideas behind open source  
software, a bit of its history, how it is similar and dissimilar to  
librarianship, and why it is important to the profession.

Through the hands-on exercises, the student will learn how to  
uncompress and untar distributions, configure an application for  
building, compile it, install it, configure it, and finally use it.  
Applications used during these hands-on activities include: Apache (a  
Web server), MARC::Record (a tool to read and writing MARC data),  
MySQL (a relational database application), Perl (a scripting  
language), zebra (an indexer/search engine), xsltproc (an XSLT  
processor), and YAZ (a Z39.50 client). The hands-on exercises are  
complete with sample data, configuration files, and sample scripts to  
get the student up and going quickly.

This workshop is designed for the novice and moderately experienced  
computer user. The only prerequisite skills are: 1) no fear of  
command-line processing, and 2) the desire to learn. THIS WORKSHOP IS  
NOT NECESSARILY DESIGNED FOR COMPUTER GEEKS. IT IS ABOUT TAKING  
CONTROL OF YOUR COMPUTING ENVIRONMENT. To get a flavor for this  
segment, see:

   http://infomotions.com/musings/ossnlibraries-workshop/

XML

The second half is about XML. This workshop introduces participants  
to the extensible markup language (XML) through numerous examples,  
demonstrations, and structured hands-on exercises. Through the  
process you will be able to evaluate the uses of XML for making your  
data and information more accessible to people as well as computers.  
Examples include adding value to electronic texts (TEI), creating  
archival finding aids (EAD), creating bibliographic data (MARCXML and  
MODS), and implementing standards compliant Web pages (XHTML).

By the end of the workshop you will have acquired a thorough  
introduction to XML and be able to: 1) list seven rules governing the  
syntax of XML documents, 2) create your very own XML markup language,  
3) write XML documents using a plain text editor and validate them  
using a Web browser, 4) create simple XML documents using a number of  
standard XML vocabularies, 5) transform XML documents into other  
formats such as plain text or database (SQL) files using XSLT, and  
finally, 6) articulate why XML is important for libraries.

This workshop is designed for the novice and moderately experienced  
computer user. The only prerequisite skills are: 1) no fear of  
command-line processing, 3) the ability to use a plain text editor,  
and 3) the desire to learn. AGAIN, THIS IS NOT ABOUT COMPUTER  
GEEKTOM. IT IS ABOUT LEARNING TO CREATE WELL-STRUCTURED DATA  
CONSIDERING THE CURRENT NETWORKED ENVIRONMENT. This workshop will  
cover much of the content at the following URL:

   http://infomotions.com/musings/getting-started/

Summary

These workshops are designed for any type of person who works in a  
library. They will help you learn about the current and immediate  
future of computing in libraries. These workshop have something to  
offer everybody. They are not strictly designed for computer types.  
The only prerequisites are an open mind and the desire to learn. For  
more information about the Ticer school in general, see:

   http://www.tilburguniversity.nl/services/lis/ticer/07carte/index.html

--
Eric Lease Morgan
University Libraries of Notre Dame



--2847307788960143652Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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