Subject: [dm-l] FW: [MEDTEXTL] Announcing SCRIPTO

FYI

-----Original Message-----
From: Medieval Texts - Philology Codicology and Technology on behalf of Bill Schipper
Sent: Sun 27/05/2007 5:04 AM
_redacted_(a)LISTSERV.UIUC.EDU
Subject: [MEDTEXTL] Announcing SCRIPTO
 
SCRIPTO. A New Programme for Graduate Medievalists and Early Modern Specialists





The SCRIPTO programme (Scholarly Codicological 
Research, Information & Palaeographical Tools) at 
Friedrich Alexander University Erlangen-Nuremberg 
aims to provide a systematic, research-oriented 
introduction to the study of medieval and early 
modern books and their interpretation.  It 
combines research and instruction within the 
framework of  a uniquely innovative course, at 
the end of which each candidate will be awarded a 
diploma from Friedrich Alexander University.



A modular programme

This modular programme is a sort of bridge 
between research and practical work, and trains 
students in broad-based research projects (for 
example, the cataloguing of medieval and early modern manuscripts).

Students taking a Master's degree may obtain 60 ECTS in the SCRIPTO programme.



A broad spectrum of subjects

SCRIPTO is made up of a broad spectrum of 
subjects and offers the following courses:

-         History and principles of cataloguing

-         Text typology (philosophical and 
theological texts; literary texts; liturgy, 
music; law, medicine; medieval Latin)

-         Book illumination (technology, 
stylistic history, illustrational typology, iconography); palaeography

-         Codicology; incunabula studies

-         Informatics (use and construction of 
databanks for the interpretation, drawing up and 
administration of information about manuscripts; 
preparation of printed catalogues).

The modules introduce the topic in question and 
provide the knowledge needed to establish a 
thorough survey of the material make-up of the 
manuscripts.  Moreover, the Informatics Module 
enables one to reproduce electronically or in print the results obtained.

The instructors, who are distinguished 
specialists in their particular fields of 
research and teaching, are as follows: Dr. Oliver 
Duntze (Berlin/Erlangen), Bibliology; 
Privatdozentin Dr. Sonja Glauch (Erlangen), 
German; Dr. Christine Jakobi-Mirwald (Weiler), 
History of Art; Dr. Tino Licht (Heidelberg), 
Medieval Latin; Privatdozent Dr. Bernhard Pabst 
(Cologne), Medieval Latin; Dr. Christine Sauer 
(Stadtbibliothek Nuremberg), History of Art; Dr. 
Bettina Wagner (Bavarian State Library, Munich), 
German/Medieval Latin; and Dr. Heinz-JÃ¼rgen Winkler (Frankfurt), Musicology.

There will also be a workshop led by a 
distinguished scholar and concerned with a relevant academic topic.

Most DFG manuscript centres in Germany (Berlin, 
Frankfurt, Munich, Stuttgart and WolfenbÃ¼ttel) 
are supportive of the SCRIPTO programme.  The 
course will take place in cooperation with the 
manuscript departments of the Erlangen University 
Library and the Bavarian State Library in Munich, 
in which some of the classes will take place.

The academic committee of SCRIPTO is made up of 
the following scholars: Prof. Jacques Berlioz 
(Ecole nationale des chartes, Paris), Prof. 
Guglielmo Cavallo (UniversitÃ  degli studi Â«La 
SapienzaÂ», Rome), Prof. David Ganz (King's 
College, London), Prof. Eef Overgauuw 
(Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin - Preussischer 
Kulturbesitz, Representative of DFG Manuscript 
Centres) and Prof. Ursula Rautenberg (Friedrich 
Alexander University, Erlangen-Nuremberg).



Admission Requirements

Participants admitted to the course must have at 
least a Bachelor's degree.  Students must apply 
for the course in writing.  Applicants are 
required to show an adequate knowledge of Latin 
and of western palaeography.  Applicants will be 
informed in writing if they have been admitted to 
the course.  The language of instruction is 
German.  Foreign participants, however, will be 
able to take German language courses at Friedrich 
Alexander University if they so wish.



SCRIPTO 2007

The first course is from 22 October 2007 till 18 
January 2008.  Applicants should write, enclosing a full CV, to:

Prof. Dr. Michele C. Ferrari
Mittellatein und Neulatein
Kochstr. 4/3
91056 Erlangen (Germany)



The application deadline is 30 June 2007.  Those 
applicants accepted for the course will be 
charged 650 Euros and will receive a document 
stating the terms of agreement and detailed 
information about the course, including the timetable.

SCRIPTO online: 
<http://www.mittellatein.phil.uni-erlangen.de/scripto/scripto.html>http://www.mittellatein.phil.uni-erlangen.de/scripto/scripto.html



--4277755246932529008Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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