Subject: [dm-l] Postdoctoral Fellow in Early Modern Textual Studies and

Postdoctoral Fellow in Early Modern Textual Studies and Digital Humanities
(2009-11)

The Electronic Textual Cultures Laboratory  (ETCL) [URL: <
http://etcl.uvic.ca/ >] at the University of Victoria has an exciting
two-year postdoctoral opportunity for a candidate with a background in early
modern literary and textual studies, expertise in computing, and an interest
in the digital humanities field.

The postdoctoral fellow will be key in the development of a professional
reading environment designed to respond to the needs of those working with
early modern books and manuscripts. Source material for this work will be
derived from our work on the Devonshire Manuscript (BL Add MS 17,492) and
our ongoing work with professional reading environments in number of related
projects.

The successful candidate will have skills and aptitudes in early modern
research, textual studies, and scholarly editing in a digital humanities
context, including training or demonstrated experience working with TEI XML
and digital editions. Organizational skills are essential. Interest and
aptitude in research planning and management would be an asset. The ability
to work in concert with our existing team is a critical requirement.

Examples of technologies employed in related ETCL projects are as follows:
TEI P5; XML, XSLT, XSL and XHTML encoding; XQuery; eXist XML databases;
JavaScript; Ruby on Rails; PHP; CSS; and web-based SQL database projects
using PostgresSQL and mySQL. Experience in some or all of these areas would
be an asset, but is not a requirement, though aptitude with digital tools is
required.

Our current team members pride themselves on a passionate interest in both
the humanities and their computation engagement. Our ideal candidate is
someone with similar passions who can introduce the team to new ideas and
provide new perspectives on existing digital humanities issues.

Salary for this position is competitive in the Canadian context, and is
governed in part by SSHRC practices; combined with a local supplement, the
annual salary for this position is expected to be $52,000, inclusive of
benefits and travel allowances.

Applications, comprising a brief cover letter, CV, and the names and contact
information for three referees, may be sent electronically to
_redacted_(a)gmail.com>.  Applications will be received and reviewed until
the position is filled; the position can begin as early as January 2009.



--0203854262914612093Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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