Subject: Re: [dm-l] Ideal informatics training [TAN, maybe]

Dear Dan,

Over here in Cologne, Germany, we have a special chair for "Humanities 
Computer Science" which is involved in a number of BA/MA programs. Beside 
these, it offers an "IT Certificate" for students in the humanities faculty 
(students from the specialized degree programs, i.e., media informatics, 
digital media and cultural heritage studies, and information processing in 
the humanities are excluded).

The certificate for the "normal" humanities student includes the following 
four courses:
         - Course 1, common technologies I: operating systems, office 
applications (e.g. open office), image processing, webserver (installation, 
configuration, maintenance)
         - Course 2, common technologies II: networks, internet 
technologies, html/css/javascript, programming by example (PHP), online 
databases by example (MySQL) - all applied in a hands-on course project 
("transform a humanities information resource (a.k.a. "book") into an 
online database")
         - Course 3, dedicated systems: CMS by example (Typo3), digital 
repository systems by example (DSpace)
         - Course 4, data- and metadata standards: XML (with Schema and 
XPath), XSLT, metadata theory, data standards in the humanities and the 
cultural heritage sector, DC, TEI, METS/MODS, EAD, CDWA, semantic web, RDF, 
OWL - X-technologies and TEI applied in a hands-on course project 
("transform a humanities information resource (a.k.a. "book") into a 
markup-based and XSLT-generated online presentation").

You can find further information here:
http://www.hki.uni-koeln.de/lehrveranstaltungen

Best, Patrick Sahle

Lecturer in Humanities IT, University of Cologne, Germany
Historisch-Kulturwissenschaftliche Informationsverarbeitung, Universität zu 
Köln
Universitätsstraße 22, D-50923 Köln, +49 - (0)221 - 470 1750
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Institute for Documentology and Scholarly Editing / Institut für 
Dokumentologie und Editorik: http://www.i-d-e.de



