Subject: [dm-l] new on arts-humanities.net

[with apologies for cross-posting]

arts-humanities.net is an online hub for research and teaching in the 
digital arts and humanities. It enables members to locate information, 
promote their research and discuss ideas. Join over a thousand 
individual members, a dozen expert centres and various projects.

http://www.arts-humanities.net/

arts-humanities.net gives you access to a wide range of resources, 
including an extensive catalogue of digital arts and humanities 
projects; a calendar of workshops, conferences and other events; a 
taxonomy of research methods for creating digital resources; and other 
materials such as a bibliography, case studies and briefing papers. 
Registered members can use the site to feature their own research; blog 
and discuss issues with others; and search a directory of over 1,100 
members. We also provide customisable email updates on new content and 
news from the community.



FEATURED: EVENTS CALENDAR

The events calendar lists about 100 upcoming events related to the 
digital arts and humanities. You can also access an archive of several 
hundred past events. We provide a RSS feeds and an iCal feed that you 
can plug directly into your calendar or website.

http://www.arts-humanities.net/events
http://www.arts-humanities.net/event/ical/



FEATURED PROJECT

Inscriptions of Roman Cyrenaica (IRCyr)

The project aims to assemble an online corpus of all the material 
gathered by Prof Joyce Reynolds during her numerous visits to Libya. The 
project consists in the digitisation of some 2000 inscriptions from 
Roman Cyrenaica, nearly a third of which have never previously been 
published. The new corpus will be presented as a series of documents; 
but it will also link to an online map of Roman Cyrenaica, being 
prepared as part of the Pleiades project

http://www.arts-humanities.net/projects/inscriptions_roman_cyrenaica_ircyr



OTHER NEW PROJECTS

Integrating Digital Papyrology (IDP)

http://www.arts-humanities.net/projects/integrating_digital_papyrology_idp

Inscriptions of Aphrodisias

http://www.arts-humanities.net/projects/inscriptions_aphrodisias



NEW USER GROUPS

Digital Classicist

The Digital Classicist is a community interested in the application of 
innovative digital digital methods to research on the ancient world.

http://www.arts-humanities.net/digital_classicist

Social Software in the Digital Humanities

A group that discusses the theoretical and practical application of 
social software within the digital humanities.

http://www.arts-humanities.net/deliberative_humanism_social_software_digital_humanities



FORUM / DISCUSSIONS

DRHA 2009 meet and greet

Meet some of the delegates of the DRHA 2009 conference and learn about 
their interests, projects and activities.

http://www.arts-humanities.net/forumtopic/drha_2009_meet_greet

Discussing Digital Humanities 2009

A live-blog from the DH09 conference in June 2009.

http://www.arts-humanities.net/forumtopic/discussing_digital_humanities_09



arts-humanities.net is hosted by the Centre for e-Research at King's 
College London and is developed in collaboration with several groups and 
projects, including the UK Network of Expert Centres. It is funded by 
the JISC.

-- 
Dr. Torsten Reimer
Development Manager
http://www.arts-humanities.net
Centre for e-Research, King's College London
http://kcl.ac.uk/iss/cerch/
+44 (0)20 7848 2019

--4172425465236159532-

