Subject: [dm-l] Call for Participation - Collaboration in Cataloging: Islamic

*Please excuse cross-posting*

Call for Participation - Collaboration in Cataloging: Islamic  
Manuscripts at Michigan

Colleagues,

The University of Michigan Library is pleased to invite your  
participation in our ongoing CLIR-funded project, "Collaboration in  
Cataloging: Islamic Manuscripts at Michigan," by way of our newly  
launched project website:

http://www.lib.umich.edu/islamic/

The project website is at the center of an approach that provides  
access to bibliographic records and digital surrogates for the Islamic  
manuscripts; facilitates the gathering of informative and insightful  
commentary from scholars on campus, across the country, and around the  
world; and exposes in real time the dynamic enrichment of  
bibliographic information as project staff, scholars, and other  
contributors interact with the system. By involving the widest  
possible scholarly community in the iterative enrichment of manuscript  
descriptions, our project makes the best possible use of an aggregate  
of expertise that is uniquely positioned to help us overcome the  
challenges inherent in traditional manuscript cataloguing.

The Islamic Manuscripts Collection at the University of Michigan  
contains approximately 1,100 manuscript volumes mainly in Arabic,  
Persian, and Turkish and dating from roughly the 8th to the 20th  
century CE. A limited amount of descriptive information for the  
manuscripts has already been gathered and converted to preliminary  
records in our online library catalogue. Likewise, the manuscripts are  
being digitized with their digital versions appearing in the Hathi  
Trust Digital Library. The existing descriptive information is  
currently being enhanced as the project cataloguer and staff examine  
the manuscripts (both physically and in the digital environment) and  
use a research approach to assemble as rich and analytical a  
description as possible for each manuscript.

We invite you to join us in the examination and description of the  
manuscripts and to submit the results of your analysis as comments via  
our project website. Your contributions will be reviewed by the  
project cataloguer and refashioned for incorporation into the  
cataloguing records for the manuscripts you examine. Additionally,  
your contribution will be recognized both on the site and in the  
record for the manuscript that appears in our library catalogue.

We look forward to seeing your comments posted to the project site and  
thank you in advance for your valuable contribution to this project.

Further information on the project is available here:

http://www.lib.umich.edu/special-collections-library/clir-islamic-manuscripts-project

You may browse records of all the Islamic manuscripts in our catalogue at:

http://mirlyn.lib.umich.edu/Search/Home?filter%5B%5D=location%3ASPEC%20ISLM&page=1&use_dismax=1

And all manuscripts which have been digitized are viewable here:

http://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/mb?a=listis;c=1961411403

Please forward any questions, comments, and/or suggestions to project  
_redacted_(a)umich.edu.
________________________________________________________________
Evyn Kropf | Islamic Manuscripts Project Cataloguer
University Library Area Programs | M117B Hatcher Library North
The University of Michigan | Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1205
_redacted_(a)umich.edu





--8601651519824159964-

