Subject: [dm-l] Fwd: Medievalists' use of digital resources: invitation to

[apologies for any cross posting. please feel free to share this message]

Dear Digital Medievalists,

In 2002 as part of my MSLS degree work I undertook a research project
entitled "Medievalists' Use of Electronic Resources," which surveyed a
selected group of medievalists on faculty at universities across the US on
their use of and attitudes towards electronic resources (
http://ils.unc.edu/MSpapers/2807.pdf). The survey asked faculty how they
preferred to access various different types of resources (journals,
translations, facsimiles, etc.) and attempted to gauge preferences for using
digital resources across the community (junior faculty vs. chaired faculty,
preferences in different fields, etc.).

Much has changed in the nine years since 2002. Google Books was first
introduced in 2004. ACLS released its final report on Cyberinfrastructure,
"Our Cultural Commonwealth" in 2006. The NEH, which had long supported
digital projects, awarded the first Digital Humanities Start-Up Grants in
2007, and founded the Office of Digital Humanities in 2008. In medieval
studies, more and more digital resources are released every year, there is
an established community of "Digital Medievalists", and the International
Congress on Medieval Studies has had a steady growth in the number and
profile of presentations and events on issues relating to digitization.
Digital resources in the medieval studies are ubiquitous. Are they being
used?

Now is the perfect time to return to this project, to undertake the survey
again, and to see just how (or if) attitudes and use have changed over the
past nine years. Looking forward, this research can help resource developers
design projects to best serve their audiences.

This message serves as an open invitation to participate in this research
project. Any medievalist at any level is welcome to participate.
Participation involves filling in an online survey, located at the link
below. It should take approximately 15 minutes to complete.

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/MUDR_open

This study is completely confidential and I will report only aggregated
results in any published articles. If you have any questions, please do not
_redacted_(a)gmail.com.

Thank you for taking the time to help me with this research project.

Sincerely,

Dot Porter, MA, MSLS

-- 
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
Dot Porter (MA, MSLS)
Digital Medievalist, Digital Librarian
_redacted_(a)gmail.com
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*


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