Subject: [dm-l] Workshop tf-8?q?“Historical?
Workshop “Historical Documents in the Digital Age”, 25th-26th October 2012
– University of Rouen <http://www.docexplore.eu/?p=328>

*******************************************************

CALL FOR PARTICIPATION / APPEL A PARTICIPATION

Historical Documents in the Digital Age

25th-26th october 2012 – University of Rouen

http://hdda2012.sciencesconf.org/

*******************************************************

(French version below / Version française ci-dessous)

**Purpose

The aim of the Workshop is to bring together those whose professional work
involves the study of historical documents or who have a responsibility for
increasing their accessibility, with technologists developing techniques to
support the analysis and management of digital documents. The Workshop will
encourage a greater understanding of how these two communities can work
productively together and how crossing the traditional disciplinary
boundaries can create opportunities for supporting better historical
research while also increasing the general public ‘s awareness of their
rich cultural heritage.

This workshop should be interesting for:
* Historians and others interested in sharing their experiences of document
analysis with scientists developing computer-based tools to support such
activities.
* Those who have a responsibility for preserving and managing historical
documents and making them available both to specialists using them for
research and detailed study, and the general public seeking to benefit from
the rich cultural legacy embodied by such documents.
* Scientists and engineers developing advanced technologies in areas such
as image processing, pattern recognition and digital media engineering
relevant to document analysis.

The workshop will provide an opportunity for a diverse range of researchers
and other professionals, including end users, to share experiences and
explore ideas at the crossroads of traditional disciplinary boundaries,
otherwise barriers to rapid progress in improving the accessibility of
documents which can contribute so fundamentally to an understanding of our
cultural heritage.

For each session of the workshop, we invited European specialists of the
field to share their experience of the domain, as an opening for an open
debate with all attendants. The workshop is opened to all, we only require
those wishing to attend to freely register on the website before October
17th in order to manage the logistical constraints of the venue. The
languages of the workshop will be French and English, with simultaneous
translation provided.

**Program
Session 1 : La gestion des collections à l'ère du numérique / Libraries and
archives in the Digital Age
 * Matthieu Bonicel, BNF, Paris
 * Jean-François Moufflet, Archives de France, Paris
 * Alixe Bovey, CMEMS, University of Kent or Cressida Williams, CCA

Session 2 : Des outils informatiques pour transcrire et indexer / Digital
tools for  annotating and indexing
 * Alison Wiggins, CELL, Glasgow
 * Marçal Rusinol, CVC, Barcelona
 * Frank Lebourgeois, LIRIS, Lyon
 * Stéphane Nicolas, LITIS, Rouen

Session 3 : Paléographie numérique / Digital paleography
 * Marc Smith, Ecole des Chartes
 * Véronique Eglin, LIRIS, Lyon
 * Elisabeth Lalou, GRHIS, Rouen
 * Richard Guest, EDA, University of Kent

Session 4 : Les nouvelles modalités pour la valorisation du patrimoine /
ICT in Cultural Heritage
 * Clive Izard, British Library, London
 * Oliver Hitchcock, VirtuaSense, Rouen
 * Alexandre Chautemps, labo BnF, Paris
 * Clotilde Vaissaire-Agard, CF2ID

Session 5: Les humanités numériques: réalité ou fiction ? / Digital
Humanities: present and future
 * Dominique Stutzmann, IRHT, Paris
 * Melissa Terras, UCL, London
 * Alison Wiggins, CELL, Glasgow
 * discussion ouverte / round table

**Registration
The workshop is opened to all, we only require those wishing to attend to
freely register on the website before October 17th in order to manage the
logistical constraints of the venue. The languages of the workshop will be
French and English, with simultaneous translation provided.

**Organizing committee

The workshop is organized by the InterReg IVa DocExplore project (
www.docexplore.eu <http://www.docexplore.eu/www.docexplore.eu>), a
collaboration between computer scientists, historians and archivists, on
both sides of the Channel, to build a software suite. This suite is aimed
at both historians and librarians, providing transcription and multimedia
annotation functionalities, from which interactive books can be produced to
reach a broader audience.

_redacted_(a)sciencesconf.org>



*******************************************************

APPEL À PARTICIPATION

Historical Documents in the Digital Age
Documents historiques à l’ère numérique

25-26 octobre 2012 – Université de Rouen

http://hdda2012.sciencesconf.org/

*******************************************************

**Propos

Comment plonger les documents historiques  dans l’ère numérique ?

Les photographier est une première étape non triviale mais clairement
insuffisante. Comment à partir des masses d’images ainsi produites obtenir
des documents numériques ? Comment les annoter, les transcrire, analyser
leur structure ? Comment gérer leur nombre, comment améliorer leur
accessibilité ?

Le but du séminaire *Historical Documents in the Digital Age* est de faire
un point entre historiens, conservateurs, bibliothécaires, et
informaticiens sur ces questions complexes. Pour ce faire, nous avons
invité différents spécialistes européens de ces problèmes à faire le bilan
de leurs expériences, d’une manière accessible à tous. Ces exposés seront
un prélude à des discussions thématiques que nous souhaitons fructueuses,
confrontant les différentes perceptions des participants sur ces problèmes
communs.

**Programme

Session 1 : La gestion des collections à l'ère du numérique / Libraries and
archives in the Digital Age
 * Matthieu Bonicel, BNF, Paris
 * Jean-François Moufflet, Archives de France, Paris
 * Alixe Bovey, CMEMS, University of Kent or Cressida Williams, CCA

Session 2 : Des outils informatiques pour transcrire et indexer / Digital
tools for  annotating and indexing
 * Alison Wiggins, CELL, Glasgow
 * Marçal Rusinol, CVC, Barcelona
 * Frank Lebourgeois, LIRIS, Lyon
 * Stéphane Nicolas, LITIS, Rouen

Session 3 : Paléographie numérique / Digital paleography
 * Marc Smith, Ecole des Chartes
 * Véronique Eglin, LIRIS, Lyon
 * Elisabeth Lalou, GRHIS, Rouen
 * Richard Guest, EDA, University of Kent

Session 4 : Les nouvelles modalités pour la valorisation du patrimoine /
ICT in Cultural Heritage
 * Clive Izard, British Library, London
 * Oliver Hitchcock, VirtuaSense, Rouen
 * Alexandre Chautemps, labo BnF, Paris
 * Clotilde Vaissaire-Agard, CF2ID

Session 5: Les humanités numériques: réalité ou fiction ? / Digital
Humanities: present and future
 * Dominique Stutzmann, IRHT, Paris
 * Melissa Terras, UCL, London
 * Alison Wiggins, CELL, Glasgow
 * discussion ouverte / round table

**Inscription

Pour assister à cette conférence, vous devez vous inscrire gratuitement sur
le site web de la conférence avant le *17 octobre*. Repas et pauses cafés
vous sont offertes, mais nous avons besoin d'un nombre ferme et définitif
suffisamment longtemps à l'avance pour pouvoir passer commande.

Si vous ne vous êtes pas inscrits avant le 17 octobre, vous ne pourrez pas
participer aux repas. Le campus fournit néanmoins de nombreuses
possibilités de restauration par vos propres moyens.

**Comité d'organisation

Ce séminaire est organisé par le projet Interreg IVa DocExplore (
www.docexplore.eu), auquel participent des historiens, des bibliothécaires
et des informaticiens, français et anglais, qui vise à la construction
d’une suite logicielle. Cette suite est destinée aux historiens comme aux
bibliothécaires, elle facilite annotations multimédia et transcriptions,
mais permet également à partir de celles-ci la création de feuilleteurs à
destination par exemple d'un plus grand public.

_redacted_(a)sciencesconf.org



M. Dominique Stutzmann
Chargé de recherche à l'Institut de Recherche et d'Histoire des Textes
(CNRS, UPR 841)
http://www.irht.cnrs.fr
Chargé de conférences à l'Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes
http://www.ephe.sorbonne.fr
Membre du bureau exécutif de Digital Medievalist
http://www.digitalmedievalist.org/


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