Subject: [dm-l] CLIR post-doc in early modern data curation at Penn

Thrilled to share this announcement, and apologies for cross-posting.
Please share widely. Deadline is December 27. Feel free to contact me with
any questions.

Full description and application details:
http://www.clir.org/fellowships/postdoc/applicants/pennsylvania-ems2014

Dot

*******
University of Pennsylvania
*P**e**n**n Provenance Project Fellow*

The University of Pennsylvania Libraries seek an innovative and energetic
CLIR Postdoctoral Fellow in Data Curation for Early Modern Studies to play
an integral role in the working life of the Kislak Center for Special
Collections, Rare Books and Manuscripts at Penn’s Van Pelt Library,
including overseeing the transition of the Penn Provenance Project (PPP)
and its data to a new platform.

*P**e**n**n Provenance Project (PPP)*
Through its faculty and library resources, the University of Pennsylvania
has long been at the forefront of book history and material text research,
especially in the early modern era. Building on this strength, the Kislak
Center is actively becoming a node for provenance history research. This
research is essential for understanding how texts moved through the early
modern world, what kinds of books collectors and libraries of the period
valued, and the nature of print and manuscript cultural production. The
fellow will play a key role in developing this field through his or her
research and involvement in working with book historical data at the Kislak
Center through the Penn Provenance Project.

Born out of a CLIR hidden collections grant, the PPP was created by the
Kislak Center’s cataloging team which has captured more than 12,000 images
of provenance markings, bookstamps, and bindings. Dating largely from the
early modern period, these invaluable witnesses to the history of book
culture and circulation are available to the world through Flickr for
viewing, comment, and identification (
_redacted_(a)N07/). The Penn Provenance Project
differs from many other provenance initiatives in that it places digital
images of markings, stamps, and inscriptions alongside bibliographic
information. This visual data allows researchers and the public to compare
physical objects all around the world and will eventually enable scholars
to survey the landscape of early modern book culture with ease and
precision. There have been over one million page views of content from the
site and the project has proved useful in identifying a number of
previously unknown book owners. The global community for the site includes
people from many backgrounds, including experts in paleography from Germany
as well as non-academics like Pedro Joaristi who identified one of his
father’s books based on our photographs.

The Kislak Center is now poised to develop the Penn Provenance Project well
beyond the boundaries of our own collections in order to help identify and
curate marks of ownership from book and manuscript holdings worldwide.
Currently a wealth of information about early modern book owners and
libraries exists within the PPP’s Flickr site but this data is largely
unstructured and is not in easy machine-readable conversation with other
resources.  The CLIR fellow will be an integral part of the Penn Provenance
Project team as it plans and executes the transition from Flickr and will
have the responsibility of curating the data generated by the expanded
project. In order to bring as many data sources to bear on the project as
possible, the fellow will work closely with several partner institutions.
For example, the curators of rare books and manuscripts at the Folger
Library have agreed to participate in growing the PPP by contributing
provenance information from their rich early modern holdings. The fellow
will ensure that all data gathered and generated by the PPP and partners is
available openly and linked with larger early modern data repositories like
the Consortium of European Research Libraries’ (CERL) online provenance
database.

*P**e**n**n Provenance Project Fellow responsibilities:*

   - Project management: ensuring the project stays on time and others'
   tasks are done in a timely manner
   - Data mapping and transformation:  working with colleagues to implement
   a data model and  managing the movement of data from Flickr to a new
   repository
   - Bringing in new data: working with colleagues to ingest images and
   provenance descriptions from both Penn and partner institutions into the
   PPP.
   - Expanding the range of partner participants: offering guidance and
   instruction to the faculty, students, and library staff that will be
   generating new data for the project.
   - Linking data: working with colleagues and partners to ensure that PPP
   data is linked with other data sources in the field, such as the VIAF and
   CERL authority files.
   - Promoting use of the PPP: through teaching, independent research,
   papers, online or live presentations, workshops and/or symposia that help
   scholars, students, librarians, and the general public understand the
   significance of provenance data to Early Modern Studies.
   - Strategic development of the PPP: planning and experimenting with
   innovative ways of displaying and analyzing the project’s data.

At Penn the fellow will report to Will Noel (Director – Kislak Center) and
receive mentoring and guidance from experts in the field. These include,
Dot Porter (Curator of Digital Research Services), Doug Emery (Digital
Content Programmer), Zack Lesser (Associate Professor, Department of
English), Peter Stallybrass (Professor, Department of English) as well as
the

wider Philadelphia history of the book community. The fellow will also be a
member of the English Department at Penn and will have access to the
resources and faculty of that body. He or she will also have the
opportunity to participate in the programs of the Kislak Center and the
English Department including organizing seminars on best digital practices,
delivering lectures, and curating exhibitions. The fellow will help plan,
solicit contributions, and speak at the seventh annual Schoenberg Symposium
on Manuscript Studies in the Digital Age in 2015. This will provide the
fellow with a platform for presenting new developments in the field of
early modern data curation, including those to which he or she has
contributed.

*Qualifications*
The candidate will hold a PhD in an area of early modern studies, with a
concentration in the history of the book. Working knowledge of at least one
non-English language is preferred. Experience with prior digital projects
and some knowledge of programming preferred. Prior work experience in
special collections is desirable.

*About the Kislak Center*
The Kislak Center is the product of a $17 million renovation project and
houses an extraordinary collection of rare books and manuscripts. Its
mission is to bring its collections together with modern technology and a
wide base of patrons in order to provide access to and understanding of our
common cultural and intellectual heritage. The fellow will benefit from the
combined skills and knowledge of the Kislak Center’s curators, researchers,
and technology professionals as well as the faculty of various humanities
departments and the wider resources of the University.

The Kislak Center has a deep commitment to provenance research and book
history and the fellow will be able to draw upon the resources and
expertise already extant here. For instance, the Center already supports
the Schoenberg Database of Manuscripts (SBDM). The SBDM is the largest
repository of manuscript provenance data in the world, currently containing
over 200,000 records, with more being added each day, representing the
movements of approximately 90,000 manuscripts. The records in the SBDM
represent not only a wealth of data on manuscripts produced in the early
modern period but also records of countless book transactions and sales
from that era.  In addition, the Kislak Center hosts digital facsimiles of
more than 3,000 manuscript books from the early modern period in its
collections, which might fruitfully be used in the Penn Provenance Project.
The Center also has extensive expertise in working with data. The Curator
for Digital Research Services, for example, is a co-Director of the
Mellon-funded Medieval Electronic Scholarly Alliance (MESA) project to
aggregate data on digitized medieval collections of manuscripts and other
objects.

-- 
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
Dot Porter (MA, MSLS)
Digital Medievalist, Digital Librarian
_redacted_(a)gmail.com
Personal blog: dotporterdigital.org
Medieval Electronic Scholarly Alliance: http://www.mesa-medieval.org
MESA blog: http://mesamedieval.wordpress.com/
MESA on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/MedievalElectronicScholarlyAlliance
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*


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