Subject: [dm-l] CFP Kalamazoo 2014 (SEENET session)

CALL FOR PROPOSALS:

49th International Congress on Medieval Studies
Kalamazoo, Michigan, May 8-11, 2014

Session title: Medieval Texts and Digital Editions: Obstacles and
Opportunities
Session sponsor: Society for Early English and Norse Electronic Texts
(SEENET) and the Piers Plowman Electronic Archive
_redacted_(a)ncsu.edu)

Since being founded in the mid 1990s, SEENET has published a total of ten
electronic editions of medieval English texts and/or manuscripts and two
reference works, including editions of Piers Plowman, William of Palerne,
The Destruction of Troy, and Caedmonâ€™s Hymn.  These editions were published
on CD-ROM in conjunction with the University of Michigan, the Medieval
Academy of America, and Boydell and Brewer. Both SEENET and the Piers
Plowman Electronic Archive (PPEA), a branch of SEENET that accounts for
seven of the twelve publications to date, are in the process of migrating
to the web. At this juncture, SEENET seeks not only to migrate past content
to an online environment, but also to launch a large-scale initiative to
present online scholarly editions of as many important literary works in
Old English, Middle English, and Old Norse as possible.

But SEENET is only one of many such projects aimed at revolutionizing the
way scholarly editions are created and used. This proliferation of digital
and digitized editions of medieval texts available online poses new
questions about the forms, uses, and scholarly objectives of critical
texts. For this session at Kalamazoo, we invite scholars and editors
engaged in digital text projects to discuss new work in any of the
following areas: editorial theory and practice in digital environments;
intellectual, technical, and institutional challenges posed by born-digital
textual projects (along with proposed solutions); and interpretive work on
medieval literature that is made possible by the availability of digital
text corpora.

Please send a one-page paper proposal, the Congress Participant Information
_redacted_(a)ncsu.edu)
by SEPTEMBER 15, 2013.


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