Subject: [dm-l] Medieval Colloquium - new online event at Collegium Volatile.

Dear Colleagues,
I have a pleasure to invite you join Medieval Colloquium - in this new
project we want to socialize with Medieval great people. Please find all
details and an invitation for an online meeting below. Apologies for any
crossposting.
With best regards,
Emilia Żochowska
Collegium Volatile coordinator
_redacted_(a)collegiumvolatile.com

Medieval Colloquium: We talk with the Old Masters. Call for lecturers.



Being a Medievalist is so much fun mostly because of the colourful and
fascinating personalities you encounter. It´s all about people. Medievals
are sophisticated and primitive, their discussions and wars are full of
zeal, their problems are fresh and their answers - surprising.

Let´s begin this new season at Collegium Volatile by meeting some really
interesting Old Masters.



Medieval Colloquium is an online event and anyone can join.  Each week we
watch a short video lecture given by an expert Medievalist who talks about
his or her favourite Medieval personality (a thinker, an artist or a
historical protagonist). We also read a short text assigned for that week:
a source text related to the person we discuss. The same week we have a
live online meeting (using video, voice and typing) to ask questions and
share our ideas on the subject. Participants are also invited to share
notes and links with each other. All the activities are available only to
registered Colloquium participants (they are not publically visible on the
web).



We also plan to publish ebook proceedings with all the lectures beautifully
edited and illustrated.



If you would like to join the lecturers team - come to the online meeting
25 Sept 2013 at 22.00 CEST time (please find your time here:
http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Medieval+Colloquium+-+Lecturers%C2%B4Meeting&iso=20130925T22&p1=1406&ah=1



Please register for the meeting here: https://www.coursesites.com/s/_MedCo

Type the access code: VERBA VOLANT



If you are unable to join the meeting but you would like to give a lecture,
please contact Emilia Zochowska, Collegium Volatile coordinator:
_redacted_(a)collegiumvolatile.com



As a lecturer, you will be asked to:

1. Plan and record one video lecture (ca. 20 min) presenting your Medieval
idol/source of inspiration. It may be a narrated PowerPoint presentation.

2. Choose and assign a short reading for the students (source text in
translation).

3. Upload the video and the source text to Collegium Volatile webpage.

4. Join the online discussion about your lecture (moderated by another
member of the team)

5. Prepare a written version of your lecture (if you want to publish in our
ebook proceedings).



This event is for fun - and let´s make it a really bright and learned
entertainment. In your lecture, you are welcomed to include many details,
lots of illustrations and technical terms. It does not have to be “A short
introduction to…” or “Life and works”. You are welcomed to share your
passion and expertise with intelligent and enthusiastic public. We hope to
make it a great opportunity to improve your professional network and get
some fresh perspective on your subject. You will also gain a bit of experience
as an online educator.
Collegium Volatile is an international community of academic teacher and
students. We teach online. We learn for passion, not degrees. Visit us at
http://collegiumvolatile.com


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