Subject: [dm-l] CLIR Postdoctoral Fellowship for Data Curation in Medieval

I'm happy to report that North Carolina State University has been awarded a
CLIR Postdoctoral Fellowship for Data Curation in Medieval Studies. The
full job description is pasted below and may also be viewed at
http://www.clir.org/fellowships/postdoc/applicants/ncsu2013. More
information on the program may be viewed at
http://www.clir.org/fellowships/postdoc/applicants/dc-medieval. I will be
working directly with the fellow and am happy to answer any questions.

Tim Stinson

---
Desired Skills & Expertise

Familiarity with or interest in learning HTML, XML, and WordPress. Strong
organizational and communication skills to coordinate with project partners
across campus and at other institutions. Ability to make effective use of
social media for public outreach. Programming skills and/or familiarity
with metadata standards desirable but not required.

Fellow's Role

The Fellow will serve as a liaison between academic departments, faculty
researchers, and the Digital Libraries Initiatives (DLI) Department on
NCSU’s campus. The fellow will have the opportunity to work on four
NCSU-based projects involving data curation in medieval studies: the
Medieval Electronic Scholarly Alliance (MESA); the Manuscript DNA project;
the Siege of Jerusalem Electronic Archive (SJEA); and the Piers Plowman
Electronic Archive (PPEA). The fellow will also serve as a liaison between
NCSU and partners at other universities engaged in related research
projects, including the Advanced Research Consortium (ARC), a
meta-federation comprising MESA, the Renaissance English Knowledgebase
(REKn), 18thConnect, the Networked Infrastructure for Nineteenth-Century
Electronic Scholarship (NINES), and Modernist Networks (ModNets). The
fellow will have the opportunity to conduct original research on data
curation strategies and will be encouraged to participate actively in the
larger community of CLIR postdoctoral fellows, including the cohort of
fellows in the Data Curation in Medieval Studies Fellowship program. A
strong emphasis will be placed not only on the ways that the Fellow can
contribute to our institution, but to the professional development of the
Fellow in the fields of medieval studies and library science.

Duties and Responsibilities

Study data curation strategies in use on other campuses and in other
fields, including the sciences, and develop a set of recommendations for
best practices for the curation of humanities data. This work will be done
in consultation with the online DH Curation Guide and will form the basis
of contributing new resources and information to that guide.
Seek solutions for linking humanities data and datasets to related
scholarship in new forms of interactive publications; the Fellow will be
encouraged to consult and seek partnerships with relevant initiatives such
as Anvil Academic and Open Humanities Press as well as with ARC partners,
including JSTOR, ECCO (Eighteenth Century Collections Online) and Project
MUSE
Present original research at professional conferences as appropriate
Collaborate with software developers on the creation, modification, and
augmentation of tools related to digital projects in the field (e.g.,
development of the Collex browser for MESA, enhancements to the fuzzy
search capabilities built into SJEA and MESA to accommodate
non-standardized medieval spelling practices)
Conduct user testing of software and web portals using the NCSU Libraries’
Usability Research Lab
Use social media for public outreach related to NCSU Libraries, the Data
Curation Fellowship program, and medieval studies projects on which the
fellow is working
Participate in the organization of workshops and symposia, including
digital public humanities events and meetings of the Advanced Research
Consortium held on NCSU’s campus

Local Guidance and Professional Development Support

As a member of the Digital Libraries Initiatives (DLI) Department the
Fellow would be a member of a 14-person team that works in the areas of
data curation, digital repositories, web and mobile applications, digital
media, data visualization, and geospatial data. The Fellow would
participate in departmental teams and meetings, and would have the
opportunity to collaborate with staff that have a variety of technical and
domain-specific skill sets. The Fellow would have access to technology
support and consultation services from DLI staff members as well as from
the Information Technology Department, which maintains the Libraries’
technical infrastructure.

The Fellow would work closely with Professor Timothy Stinson in the
Department of English on the four interdisciplinary projects listed above,
as well as with Professor James Knowles of English, the project manager for
PPEA. Cumulatively, these projects include a wide variety of data related
to medieval studies, including large genomic datasets from the Manuscript
DNA project, XML-encoded transcriptions and descriptions of manuscripts,
images of manuscripts from SJEA and PPEA, and tens of thousands of RDF
metadata records from MESA.

The Fellow would be encouraged to be part of the intellectual life of the
English department, including speakers series, symposia, and workshops, and
would be offered the option of teaching one or more medieval studies
courses in the department during his or her tenure. The Fellow will also be
joining a vibrant community of medievalists spanning the closely linked
campuses of NCSU, UNC Chapel Hill, and Duke University. Opportunities
include participating in the Triangle Medieval Studies Seminar, the UNC
Medieval & Early Modern Lecture Series, the Duke Medieval & Renaissance
Lecture Series, colloquia at the Center for Medieval and Renaissance
Studies, and special events at the nearby National Humanities Center.

--
Timothy L. Stinson
Assistant Professor
Department of English
North Carolina State University
http://english.chass.ncsu.edu/faculty_staff/tlstinso


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