Subject: [dm-l] New Vacancy: Assistant Professor, French Applied Linguistics

Hi all,

An entry-level job that might be of interest to members of this list, 
deadline for applications March 17, 2014.

I have spoken to the chair and am told that an interest in DH and/or 
Medieval Studies would be welcome. The core requirements are 
skill/experience in teaching second language learners, especially at the 
junior level, and demonstrable interest in and ability to teach French 
Phonology/Phonetics. Beyond that the research expertise is open.

Canadian residents must be given preference according to the law, though 
international candidates will be considered. The ad says that "there 
will be internal candidates for the position," but I have just spoken to 
the chair and she tells me that that language was inserted by mistake by 
Human Resources after proofing and will be removed ASAP (the ad just 
went up at the end of the business day). She assures me that this is 
very much an open search and that all qualified applicants, including 
international candidates, will be considered seriously.

For my own part, let me add that candidates with a background in DH will 
find the University of Lethbridge to be very active in the field. We are 
in the process of approving research centres in the Digital Arts and 
Humanities and Digital Scholarly Communication and the University of 
Lethbridge is host to both Digital Medievalist and GlobaloutlookDH.org. 
I would certainly look forward to working with a successful candidate 
with Digital Humanities experience. I should stress, however, that I 
have no influence on the search.

-dan

------------------

The Department of Modern Languages at the University of Lethbridge 
invites applications for a tenure-track appointment in French at the 
rank of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 2014, subject to budgetary 
approval.

  The successful candidate will have a PhD in French, Linguistics or 
relevant field with a specialization in either French linguistics or 
francophone studies, and a proven ability to teach French phonetics and 
phonology. A secondary specialization in French as a second language and 
expertise in educational technology are assets. Responsibilities include 
teaching intermediate French phonetics/phonology, French language and 
culture courses at all levels, as well as upper-level courses in the 
field of expertise. We seek an individual with native or near-native 
fluency in French and excellent command of English, with an excellent 
teaching record and evidence of scholarly potential.

  The Department of Modern Languages is a collegial and dynamic unit 
comprising French, Japanese, Linguistics and Spanish.

Located in southern Alberta, near the Rocky Mountains, Lethbridge offers 
a sunny, dry climate that is agreeably mild for the prairies, excellent 
cultural and recreational amenities, and attractive economic conditions. 
Founded in 1967, the University has an enrollment of over 8,000 students 
from around the world. Our student body has grown by 50 percent in the 
last 10 years, phenomenal growth among institutions in Canada. Despite 
this growth, we have remained true to who we are - student-focused, 
research-intensive, and grounded in liberal education.

For more information about the University please visit our website at 
http://www.uleth.ca.

  The successful applicant will have teaching responsibilities mainly at 
the undergraduate level. The University aspires to hire individuals who 
have demonstrated considerable potential for excellence in teaching, 
research and scholarship. New faculty members are eligible to apply for 
university funding in support of research and scholarly activities.

  The position is open to all qualified applicants, although preference 
will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada. 
There will be internal candidates for this position. The University is 
an inclusive and equitable campus encouraging applications from 
qualified women and men including persons with disabilities, members of 
visible minorities and Aboriginal persons.

  Applications should include a curriculum vitae, a letter of 
application including statements of teaching and research interests, and 
names and contact information for at least three referees. Send this 
material and arrange for three letters of reference to be sent directly 
to Dr. Inge Genee, Chair, Department of Modern Languages, The University 
of Lethbridge, 4401 University Drive, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, T1K 
_redacted_(a)uleth.ca

Located in southern Alberta, near the Rocky Mountains, Lethbridge offers 
a sunny, dry climate that is agreeably mild for the prairies, excellent 
cultural and recreational amenities, and attractive economic conditions. 
Founded in 1967, the University has an enrollment of over 8,000 students 
from around the world. Our student body has grown by 50 percent in the 
last 10 years, phenomenal growth among institutions in Canada. Despite 
this growth, we have remained true to who we are - student-focused, 
research-intensive, and grounded in liberal education.

For more information about the University please visit our website at 
http://www.uleth.ca <http://www.uleth.ca/>.

  The successful applicant will have teaching responsibilities mainly at 
the undergraduate level. The University aspires to hire individuals who 
have demonstrated considerable potential for excellence in teaching, 
research and scholarship. New faculty members are eligible to apply for 
university funding in support of research and scholarly activities.

*The position is open to all qualified applicants, although preference 
will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada. 
There will be internal candidates for this position. The University is 
an inclusive and equitable campus encouraging applications from 
qualified women and men including persons with disabilities, members of 
visible minorities and Aboriginal persons.*

  Applications should include a curriculum vitae, a letter of 
application including statements of teaching and research interests, and 
names and contact information for at least three referees. Send this 
material and arrange for three letters of reference to be sent directly 
to Dr. Inge Genee, Chair, Department of Modern Languages, The University 
of Lethbridge, 4401 University Drive, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, T1K 
3M4. Phone: (403) 380-1809, Fax: (403) 329-5187, Email: 
_redacted_(a)uleth.ca>

- See more at: http://www.uleth.ca/hr/jobs/french#sthash.POeZn7zz.dpuf

Located in southern Alberta, near the Rocky Mountains, Lethbridge offers 
a sunny, dry climate that is agreeably mild for the prairies, excellent 
cultural and recreational amenities, and attractive economic conditions. 
Founded in 1967, the University has an enrollment of over 8,000 students 
from around the world. Our student body has grown by 50 percent in the 
last 10 years, phenomenal growth among institutions in Canada. Despite 
this growth, we have remained true to who we are - student-focused, 
research-intensive, and grounded in liberal education.

For more information about the University please visit our website at 
http://www.uleth.ca <http://www.uleth.ca/>.

  The successful applicant will have teaching responsibilities mainly at 
the undergraduate level. The University aspires to hire individuals who 
have demonstrated considerable potential for excellence in teaching, 
research and scholarship. New faculty members are eligible to apply for 
university funding in support of research and scholarly activities.

*The position is open to all qualified applicants, although preference 
will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada. 
There will be internal candidates for this position. The University is 
an inclusive and equitable campus encouraging applications from 
qualified women and men including persons with disabilities, members of 
visible minorities and Aboriginal persons.*

  Applications should include a curriculum vitae, a letter of 
application including statements of teaching and research interests, and 
names and contact information for at least three referees. Send this 
material and arrange for three letters of reference to be sent directly 
to Dr. Inge Genee, Chair, Department of Modern Languages, The University 
of Lethbridge, 4401 University Drive, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, T1K 
3M4. Phone: (403) 380-1809, Fax: (403) 329-5187, Email: 
_redacted_(a)uleth.ca>

- See more at: http://www.uleth.ca/hr/jobs/french#sthash.POeZn7zz.dpuf

-- 
---
Daniel Paul O'Donnell
Professor of English
University of Lethbridge
Lethbridge AB T1K 3M4
Canada

+1 403 393-2539



--8441955006725726869Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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