Subject:

Abstracts are now invited for a two-day workshop, jointly organised by
_redacted_@ Uni Bern and Infoclio.ch, to be held 29-30 January
2015.

The full call for participation is now online:
http://www.dh.unibe.ch/en/2014/08/software-scholarship/
https://infoclio.ch/en/node/135615

Deadline for abstract submission: 11 October 2014.

With best wishes,
Tara Andrews

--
Prof. Dr. Tara L Andrews
Digital Humanities, Universität Bern
http://www.dh.unibe.ch/

*Scholarship in Software, Software as Scholarship: From Genesis to Peer
Review*

*‘Expressions’, 29 January 2015: Workshop on Software-based Scholarship*
*Organizer: Digital Humanities, Universität Bern*

Computation and software analysis have entered nearly every imaginable
field of scholarship in the last decades, in a variety of forms from
digital publication of results to computational modelling embedded in
experimental work. In each of these digital outputs – be it an interactive
publication with mapping of relevant geo-referenced data, or perhaps a
statistical program for the categorization of millions of books according
to their literary genre – there is some manifestation directly in the
computer code of the scholarly thought that underlies the project, of the
intellectual argument around which the outcome is based.

The fact that scholarly software includes scholarly content is reasonably
well-accepted. What remains controversial is the attempt at identification,
in any particular instance, of what scholarly contribution has been made by
a piece of software. Its makers tend to express the scholarship in writing
separate from the software itself, if they even make explicit at all the
scholarly reasoning that went into the code; its reviewers and users tend
either to treat the software as a ‘black box’, opaque to informed scrutiny
and therefore to be looked on with grave suspicion, or to deny that this
particular software has any scholarship inherent to the source code. Given
that our mechanisms for identifying and evaluating the scholarship within
computer code are nearly nonexistent, we must ask: how do intellectual
arguments — how does scholarship — come to be expressed in the software of
digital humanities? How does this scholarship, so evident in theory but so
elusive in practice, fit into the scientific process of advancement of
knowledge?

*‘Evaluation’, 30 January 2015: Round table on Peer Review for Digital
Scholarly Work*
*Organizer: Infoclio.ch*

Related to the question of the expression of scholarship in software, and
in other forms of digital publication as well, is the question of how to
evaluate it. This topic will be the focus of a half-day roundtable, Peer
Review for Digital Scholarly Work, to be held on 30 January 2015. Digital
scholarly works such as Digital Editions, Digital Libraries, Digital
Exhibitions, Data Visualization, Geographical Information Systems and the
like are increasingly frequent in the Humanities, as main or secondary
output of research projects; the question of how best to evaluate them
takes on ever greater importance. At the moment, researchers doing digital
scholarly work are usually unable to obtain academic credit for their
work—in order to obtain scholarly recognition, they must additionally
publish a “normal” article in a print-based journal about their digital
work.

As universities and national research funding agencies across the world
move toward encouraging more digital scholarship in the humanities, there
is an urgent need to discuss the criteria and benchmarks that should be in
place for evaluating digital scholarly work. We welcome contributions about
existing initiatives in this domain as well as more theoretical
contributions that treat the topic of peer review of digital scholarly work.



PGRpdiBkaXI9Imx0ciI+PGRpdj5BYnN0cmFjdHMgYXJlIG5vdyBpbnZpdGVkIGZvciBhIHR3by1k
YXkgd29ya3Nob3AsIGpvaW50bHkgb3JnYW5pc2VkIGJ5IERpZ2l0YWwgSHVtYW5pdGllcyBAIFVu
aSBCZXJuIGFuZCBJbmZvY2xpby5jaCwgdG8gYmUgaGVsZCAyOS0zMCBKYW51YXJ5IDIwMTUuPC9k
aXY+PGRpdj48YnI+PC9kaXY+PGRpdj5UaGUgZnVsbCBjYWxsIGZvciBwYXJ0aWNpcGF0aW9uIGlz
IG5vdyBvbmxpbmU6PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy5kaC51bmliZS5jaC9l
bi8yMDE0LzA4L3NvZnR3YXJlLXNjaG9sYXJzaGlwLyI+aHR0cDovL3d3dy5kaC51bmliZS5jaC9l
bi8yMDE0LzA4L3NvZnR3YXJlLXNjaG9sYXJzaGlwLzwvYT48L2Rpdj48ZGl2PjxhIGhyZWY9Imh0
dHBzOi8vaW5mb2NsaW8uY2gvZW4vbm9kZS8xMzU2MTUiPmh0dHBzOi8vaW5mb2NsaW8uY2gvZW4v
bm9kZS8xMzU2MTU8L2E+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2PjxkaXY+RGVhZGxpbmUgZm9yIGFi
c3RyYWN0IHN1Ym1pc3Npb246IDExIE9jdG9iZXIgMjAxNC48L2Rpdj48ZGl2Pjxicj48L2Rpdj48
ZGl2PldpdGggYmVzdCB3aXNoZXMsPC9kaXY+PGRpdj5UYXJhIEFuZHJld3M8L2Rpdj48ZGl2Pjxi
cj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2Pi0tPC9kaXY+PGRpdj5Qcm9mLiBEci4gVGFyYSBMIEFuZHJld3M8L2Rpdj48
ZGl2PkRpZ2l0YWwgSHVtYW5pdGllcywgVW5pdmVyc2l0w6R0IEJlcm48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YSBo
cmVmPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LmRoLnVuaWJlLmNoLyI+aHR0cDovL3d3dy5kaC51bmliZS5jaC88L2E+
PC9kaXY+PGRpdj48YnI+PC9kaXY+PGRpdj48YnI+PC9kaXY+PGRpdj48Yj5TY2hvbGFyc2hpcCBp
biBTb2Z0d2FyZSwgU29mdHdhcmUgYXMgU2Nob2xhcnNoaXA6IEZyb20gR2VuZXNpcyB0byBQZWVy
IFJldmlldzwvYj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2Pjxicj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2PjxpPuKAmEV4cHJlc3Npb25z4oCZ
LCAyOSBKYW51YXJ5IDIwMTU6IFdvcmtzaG9wIG9uIFNvZnR3YXJlLWJhc2VkIFNjaG9sYXJzaGlw
PC9pPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PjxpPk9yZ2FuaXplcjogRGlnaXRhbCBIdW1hbml0aWVzLCBVbml2ZXJz
aXTDpHQgQmVybjwvaT48L2Rpdj48ZGl2Pjxicj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2PkNvbXB1dGF0aW9uIGFuZCBz
b2Z0d2FyZSBhbmFseXNpcyBoYXZlIGVudGVyZWQgbmVhcmx5IGV2ZXJ5IGltYWdpbmFibGUgZmll
bGQgb2Ygc2Nob2xhcnNoaXAgaW4gdGhlIGxhc3QgZGVjYWRlcywgaW4gYSB2YXJpZXR5IG9mIGZv
cm1zIGZyb20gZGlnaXRhbCBwdWJsaWNhdGlvbiBvZiByZXN1bHRzIHRvIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwg
bW9kZWxsaW5nIGVtYmVkZGVkIGluIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRhbCB3b3JrLiBJbiBlYWNoIG9mIHRoZXNl
IGRpZ2l0YWwgb3V0cHV0cyDigJMgYmUgaXQgYW4gaW50ZXJhY3RpdmUgcHVibGljYXRpb24gd2l0
aCBtYXBwaW5nIG9mIHJlbGV2YW50IGdlby1yZWZlcmVuY2VkIGRhdGEsIG9yIHBlcmhhcHMgYSBz
dGF0aXN0aWNhbCBwcm9ncmFtIGZvciB0aGUgY2F0ZWdvcml6YXRpb24gb2YgbWlsbGlvbnMgb2Yg
Ym9va3MgYWNjb3JkaW5nIHRvIHRoZWlyIGxpdGVyYXJ5IGdlbnJlIOKAkyB0aGVyZSBpcyBzb21l
IG1hbmlmZXN0YXRpb24gZGlyZWN0bHkgaW4gdGhlIGNvbXB1dGVyIGNvZGUgb2YgdGhlIHNjaG9s
YXJseSB0aG91Z2h0IHRoYXQgdW5kZXJsaWVzIHRoZSBwcm9qZWN0LCBvZiB0aGUgaW50ZWxsZWN0
dWFsIGFyZ3VtZW50IGFyb3VuZCB3aGljaCB0aGUgb3V0Y29tZSBpcyBiYXNlZC48L2Rpdj4KPGRp
dj48YnI+PC9kaXY+PGRpdj5UaGUgZmFjdCB0aGF0IHNjaG9sYXJseSBzb2Z0d2FyZSBpbmNsdWRl
cyBzY2hvbGFybHkgY29udGVudCBpcyByZWFzb25hYmx5IHdlbGwtYWNjZXB0ZWQuIFdoYXQgcmVt
YWlucyBjb250cm92ZXJzaWFsIGlzIHRoZSBhdHRlbXB0IGF0IGlkZW50aWZpY2F0aW9uLCBpbiBh
bnkgcGFydGljdWxhciBpbnN0YW5jZSwgb2Ygd2hhdCBzY2hvbGFybHkgY29udHJpYnV0aW9uIGhh
cyBiZWVuIG1hZGUgYnkgYSBwaWVjZSBvZiBzb2Z0d2FyZS4gSXRzIG1ha2VycyB0ZW5kIHRvIGV4
cHJlc3MgdGhlIHNjaG9sYXJzaGlwIGluIHdyaXRpbmcgc2VwYXJhdGUgZnJvbSB0aGUgc29mdHdh
cmUgaXRzZWxmLCBpZiB0aGV5IGV2ZW4gbWFrZSBleHBsaWNpdCBhdCBhbGwgdGhlIHNjaG9sYXJs
eSByZWFzb25pbmcgdGhhdCB3ZW50IGludG8gdGhlIGNvZGU7IGl0cyByZXZpZXdlcnMgYW5kIHVz
ZXJzIHRlbmQgZWl0aGVyIHRvIHRyZWF0IHRoZSBzb2Z0d2FyZSBhcyBhIOKAmGJsYWNrIGJveOKA
mSwgb3BhcXVlIHRvIGluZm9ybWVkIHNjcnV0aW55IGFuZCB0aGVyZWZvcmUgdG8gYmUgbG9va2Vk
IG9uIHdpdGggZ3JhdmUgc3VzcGljaW9uLCBvciB0byBkZW55IHRoYXQgdGhpcyBwYXJ0aWN1bGFy
IHNvZnR3YXJlIGhhcyBhbnkgc2Nob2xhcnNoaXAgaW5oZXJlbnQgdG8gdGhlIHNvdXJjZSBjb2Rl
LiBHaXZlbiB0aGF0IG91ciBtZWNoYW5pc21zIGZvciBpZGVudGlmeWluZyBhbmQgZXZhbHVhdGlu
ZyB0aGUgc2Nob2xhcnNoaXAgd2l0aGluIGNvbXB1dGVyIGNvZGUgYXJlIG5lYXJseSBub25leGlz
dGVudCwgd2UgbXVzdCBhc2s6IGhvdyBkbyBpbnRlbGxlY3R1YWwgYXJndW1lbnRzIOKAlCBob3cg
ZG9lcyBzY2hvbGFyc2hpcCDigJQgY29tZSB0byBiZSBleHByZXNzZWQgaW4gdGhlIHNvZnR3YXJl
IG9mIGRpZ2l0YWwgaHVtYW5pdGllcz8gSG93IGRvZXMgdGhpcyBzY2hvbGFyc2hpcCwgc28gZXZp
ZGVudCBpbiB0aGVvcnkgYnV0IHNvIGVsdXNpdmUgaW4gcHJhY3RpY2UsIGZpdCBpbnRvIHRoZSBz
Y2llbnRpZmljIHByb2Nlc3Mgb2YgYWR2YW5jZW1lbnQgb2Yga25vd2xlZGdlPzwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2
Pjxicj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2PjxpPuKAmEV2YWx1YXRpb27igJksIDMwIEphbnVhcnkgMjAxNTogUm91
bmQgdGFibGUgb24gUGVlciBSZXZpZXcgZm9yIERpZ2l0YWwgU2Nob2xhcmx5IFdvcms8L2k+PC9k
aXY+PGRpdj48aT5Pcmdhbml6ZXI6IEluZm9jbGlvLmNoPC9pPjwvZGl2PjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2
PjxkaXY+UmVsYXRlZCB0byB0aGUgcXVlc3Rpb24gb2YgdGhlIGV4cHJlc3Npb24gb2Ygc2Nob2xh
cnNoaXAgaW4gc29mdHdhcmUsIGFuZCBpbiBvdGhlciBmb3JtcyBvZiBkaWdpdGFsIHB1YmxpY2F0
aW9uIGFzIHdlbGwsIGlzIHRoZSBxdWVzdGlvbiBvZiBob3cgdG8gZXZhbHVhdGUgaXQuIFRoaXMg
dG9waWMgd2lsbCBiZSB0aGUgZm9jdXMgb2YgYSBoYWxmLWRheSByb3VuZHRhYmxlLCBQZWVyIFJl
dmlldyBmb3IgRGlnaXRhbCBTY2hvbGFybHkgV29yaywgdG8gYmUgaGVsZCBvbiAzMCBKYW51YXJ5
IDIwMTUuIERpZ2l0YWwgc2Nob2xhcmx5IHdvcmtzIHN1Y2ggYXMgRGlnaXRhbCBFZGl0aW9ucywg
RGlnaXRhbCBMaWJyYXJpZXMsIERpZ2l0YWwgRXhoaWJpdGlvbnMsIERhdGEgVmlzdWFsaXphdGlv
biwgR2VvZ3JhcGhpY2FsIEluZm9ybWF0aW9uIFN5c3RlbXMgYW5kIHRoZSBsaWtlIGFyZSBpbmNy
ZWFzaW5nbHkgZnJlcXVlbnQgaW4gdGhlIEh1bWFuaXRpZXMsIGFzIG1haW4gb3Igc2Vjb25kYXJ5
IG91dHB1dCBvZiByZXNlYXJjaCBwcm9qZWN0czsgdGhlIHF1ZXN0aW9uIG9mIGhvdyBiZXN0IHRv
IGV2YWx1YXRlIHRoZW0gdGFrZXMgb24gZXZlciBncmVhdGVyIGltcG9ydGFuY2UuIEF0IHRoZSBt
b21lbnQsIHJlc2VhcmNoZXJzIGRvaW5nIGRpZ2l0YWwgc2Nob2xhcmx5IHdvcmsgYXJlIHVzdWFs
bHkgdW5hYmxlIHRvIG9idGFpbiBhY2FkZW1pYyBjcmVkaXQgZm9yIHRoZWlyIHdvcmvigJRpbiBv
cmRlciB0byBvYnRhaW4gc2Nob2xhcmx5IHJlY29nbml0aW9uLCB0aGV5IG11c3QgYWRkaXRpb25h
bGx5IHB1Ymxpc2ggYSDigJxub3JtYWzigJ0gYXJ0aWNsZSBpbiBhIHByaW50LWJhc2VkIGpvdXJu
YWwgYWJvdXQgdGhlaXIgZGlnaXRhbCB3b3JrLjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pjxicj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2PkFz
IHVuaXZlcnNpdGllcyBhbmQgbmF0aW9uYWwgcmVzZWFyY2ggZnVuZGluZyBhZ2VuY2llcyBhY3Jv
c3MgdGhlIHdvcmxkIG1vdmUgdG93YXJkIGVuY291cmFnaW5nIG1vcmUgZGlnaXRhbCBzY2hvbGFy
c2hpcCBpbiB0aGUgaHVtYW5pdGllcywgdGhlcmUgaXMgYW4gdXJnZW50IG5lZWQgdG8gZGlzY3Vz
cyB0aGUgY3JpdGVyaWEgYW5kIGJlbmNobWFya3MgdGhhdCBzaG91bGQgYmUgaW4gcGxhY2UgZm9y
IGV2YWx1YXRpbmcgZGlnaXRhbCBzY2hvbGFybHkgd29yay4gV2Ugd2VsY29tZSBjb250cmlidXRp
b25zIGFib3V0IGV4aXN0aW5nIGluaXRpYXRpdmVzIGluIHRoaXMgZG9tYWluIGFzIHdlbGwgYXMg
bW9yZSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBjb250cmlidXRpb25zIHRoYXQgdHJlYXQgdGhlIHRvcGljIG9mIHBl
ZXIgcmV2aWV3IG9mIGRpZ2l0YWwgc2Nob2xhcmx5IHdvcmsuPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2
PjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2PjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2PjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2PjxkaXY+PGJyPjwv
ZGl2PjwvZGl2Pgo
