Subject: [dm-l] Fwd: [DIGITALCLASSICIST] Tufts.edu: Tenure Track Mellon

FYI, a really interesting position for people on this list!

-------- Forwarded Message --------
Subject: 	[DIGITALCLASSICIST] Tufts.edu: Tenure Track Mellon Bridget 
Assistant Professorship in Greco-Roman and Islamic Traditions -- Digital 
Humanist applicants are particularly welcome!
Date: 	Thu, 20 Nov 2014 08:32:34 +0100
_redacted_(a)TUFTS.EDU>
_redacted_(a)JISCMAIL.AC.UK>
_redacted_(a)JISCMAIL.AC.UK



I want to make sure that everyone sees this -- the search is going 
forward and now (AP) is the time to get your application.

http://ase.tufts.edu/classics/about/jobs.htm

      Classics: Mellon Bridge Assistant Professorship

*Greco-Roman and Islamic Traditions*

The School of Arts and Sciences at Tufts University seeks a scholar who 
studies the contact between the Greco-Roman and Islamic traditions 
during any period through the Renaissance for a tenure-track Mellon 
Bridge Assistant Professorship, to begin September 2015. This 
newly-created position is being supported by a grant from the Mellon 
Foundation to promote scholarship and teaching that bridges different 
departments and programs in the humanities. Mellon Bridge professors 
will be grounded in one department but will also teach in other academic 
departments or programs, according to their areas of expertise.

This position will have a primary appointment in the Department of 
Classics, and a secondary appointment in one or more of the following 
programs and departments: Arabic; Archaeology; Art History; History; 
International Relations; Middle Eastern Studies; Philosophy; Religion; 
Romance Languages; and a potentially new interdisciplinary master's 
program, Digital Technologies for Pre-Modern Studies, which is currently 
in the planning stage. The School will extend secondary appointments and 
cross-list courses in other departments and programs as appropriate. The 
successful candidate will receive an appointment as a fellow at the 
Center for the Humanities at Tufts (CHAT) for the duration of the 
pre-tenure probationary period.

The intellectual emphasis of the Department of Classics is the 
transmission of knowledge across cultures and time. The Department 
currently teaches courses in Greek, Latin, Medieval Latin, and Sanskrit 
and in the archaeology and history of Egypt, the Greco-Roman world, 
Ancient Northern Europe, and the Mediterranean, as well as in the 
comparison of Greek, Roman, and Chinese history. In addition, department 
members and affiliated faculty maintain teaching and research interests 
in the medieval and early modern world. The Department of Classics also 
houses the Perseus Digital Library, one of the largest and most actively 
used open-access humanities databases in the worldâ€”currently containing 
approximately 165 million searchable words in Greek, Latin, Arabic, 
French, German, Italian, and English, and receiving more than eight 
million visits last year alone, with a returning-visitor rate of 66%. 
Perseus's collections range from Homer through the Renaissance to 
nineteenth-century American literature and contemporary scholarship, and 
also include photographs and descriptions of art objects, buildings, and 
archaeological sites. The Perseus Perseids Platform, supported by a 
generous grant from the Mellon Foundation, is currently expanding Tufts' 
digital infrastructure by facilitating the publication, revision, and 
conservation of previously unavailable texts, other media, and original 
research by faculty and students.

Applicants should demonstrate knowledge of Arabic as well as either 
Greek or Latin. Evidence of a strong record of scholarship is required. 
Doctorate and minimum of two years' full- or part-time teaching 
experience is required. We especially welcome candidates who can support 
student research at both the graduate and undergraduate levels. 
Candidates who are interested in augmenting the strengths of Tufts' 
Perseus Digital Library <http://www.perseus.tufts.edu> and its Perseids 
Platform in Greek, Latin, Classical Arabic, or other languages are 
especially encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will be 
expected to teach undergraduate courses related to his or her specific 
research area using works in translation, as well as to have the 
capacity to teach undergraduate and graduate courses on works in the 
original Latin and/or Greek.

Applicants should submit a letter of application, /curriculum vitae/, 
writing sample (less than 20 pages), research and teaching statements 
(each no longer than a single-spaced page), and should arrange to have 
three confidential reference letters submitted directly by the authors, 
to: https://apply.interfolio.com/27062 
<https://apply.interfolio.com/27062>. Questions about the position may 
be directed to Search Committee Chair, Vickie Sullivan, at 
_redacted_(a)tufts.edu>. Review of 
applications will begin November 21, 2014, and will continue until the 
position is filled.

Tufts University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. We 
are committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty. Members of 
underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

Â©2014 Tufts University. All rights reserved.  Site designed & maintained 
by ITS.





--8057065300483002961Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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