Subject: [dm-l] CFP: Fourth Annual Symposium on Medieval and Renaissance

*CALL FOR PAPERS*

*Fourth Annual Symposium on Medieval and Renaissance Studies*

*June 20-22, 2016*

*Saint Louis University*
*Saint Louis, Missouri*

The Fourth Annual Symposium on Medieval and Renaissance Studies
<http://smrs.slu.edu> (June 20-22, 2016) is a convenient summer venue in
North America for scholars to present papers, organize sessions,
participate in roundtables, and engage in interdisciplinary discussion. The
goal of the Symposium is to promote serious scholarly investigation into
all topics and in all disciplines of medieval and early modern studies.

The *plenary speakers* for this year will be *Barbara Newman*, of
Northwestern University, and *Teofilo Ruiz*, of the University of
California, Los Angeles.

The Symposium is held annually on the beautiful midtown campus of Saint
Louis University. On campus housing options include affordable,
air-conditioned rooms as well as a luxurious boutique hotel. The campus is
surrounded by a wealth of restaurants, bars, and cultural venues within
easy walking distance.

While attending the Symposium, participants are free to use the Vatican
Film Library, the Rare Book and Manuscripts Collection, and the general
collection at Saint Louis University's Pius XII Memorial Library.

The Fourth Annual Symposium on Medieval and Renaissance Studies
<http://smrs.slu.edu> invites proposals for papers, complete sessions, and
roundtables. Any topics regarding the scholarly investigation of the
medieval and early modern world are welcome. Papers are normally twenty
minutes each, and sessions are scheduled for ninety minutes. Scholarly
organizations are especially encouraged to sponsor proposals for complete
sessions.

The deadline for all submissions is *December 31*. Decisions will be made
in January, and the final program will be published in February.

For more information or to submit your proposal online, go to:
http://smrs.slu.edu

--------------------------



*The John Doran Prize - $500*
Dr. John Doran (1966-2012) was senior lecturer in Medieval History at the
University of Chester, UK, and an expert in the history of the papacy and
the city of Rome. In honor of his commitment to scholarly excellence, the
annual John Doran Prize recognizes outstanding work by a graduate student
each year. The author of the winning paper will receive $500 and the option
to have their paper published in the journal *Allegorica*. The prize is
endowed by the Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies at Saint Louis
University. Submissions are due by April 31, and the winner will be
announced at the Symposium. More info at http://smrs.slu.edu/johndoran

--------------------------
Fourth Annual Symposium on Medieval and Renaissance Studies
June 20-22, 2016
http://smrs.slu.edu
<http://cmrs.slu.edu>


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