Subject: [dm-l] Beyond Words: Illuminated Manuscripts from Boston Collections

Upcoming exhibit:

*BEYOND WORDS: ILLUMINATED MANUSCRIPTS FROM BOSTON COLLECTIONS* *CHURCH
& CLOISTER (Houghton Library: Sept. 12 – Dec. 10, 2016)*

*PLEASURE & PIETY (McMullen Museum of Art, Boston College: Sept. 12 –
Dec. 11, 2016)*

*ITALIAN RENAISSANCE BOOKS (Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum: Sept. 22,
2016 – Jan. 16, 2017)*

An *international conference* linked to the exhibition with one day at
each of the three venues will take place on Nov. 3–5, 2016.

The collections in the Boston area constitute one of the most important
ensembles of illuminated manuscript material anywhere in North America,
yet they remain, in large measure, virtually unknown to scholars and the
wider  public alike. Conceived by Jeffrey F. Hamburger, Kuno Francke
Professor of German Art & Culture at Harvard, in 2000, his first year at
the university, the exhibition could not have been prepared and
organized without the collaboration of a team of local manuscript
experts with whom he searched the stacks and stores of libraries and
museums on both sides of the Charles River for buried treasures of
illumination. **

*Beyond Words* will be the first exhibition to showcase highlights of
medieval and Renaissance illumination in the Boston area. It follows in
the footsteps of other exhibitions which have vaunted the holdings of
public collections in American and British cities, such as *Leaves of
Gold: Treasures of Manuscript Illumination from Philadelphia Collections
*(2001-2002)**and* Cambridge Illuminations *(2005). *Beyond Words*,
however, is a far more ambitious collaborative metropolitan project, in
terms of the size of its curatorial team, number of exhibits and lending
institutions, and multi-venue display:

The exhibition will be curated by a team of five manuscripts scholars
with complementary expertise in the holdings and history of collections
of manuscripts and early printed books in the Boston area: in addition
to Jeffrey F. Hamburger, his Harvard colleague Dr. William P. Stoneman,
Curator of Early Books and Manuscripts of the University’s Houghton
Library, as well as Nancy Netzer, Professor of Art History and Director
of the McMullen Museum of Art, Boston College; Dr. Lisa Fagin Davis,
Executive Director of the Medieval Academy of America and co-author of
the Directory of Collections in the United States and Canada with Pre-
1600 Manuscript Holdings, Papers of the Bibliographical Society of
America, (2015), an update to Seymour De Ricci’s Census; and Dr. Anne-
Marie Eze, formerly Associate Curator of the Isabella Stewart Gardner
Museum and the first scholar to comprehensively study the museum’s rare
books collection since the 1930s.

260 outstanding manuscripts and printed books dating from the ninth to
seventeenth centuries have been carefully selected from Boston-area
repositories. These include numerous masterpieces by well-known artists,
such as Lippo Vanni, Benedetto Bordon, Jean Poyer, Jean Bourdichon,
Simon Bening, and the Boucicaut and Rohan masters, as well as many
others no less notable for being anonymous. Identifiable patrons include
such renowned figures as Charles V of France, Jean, duc de Berry, Pope
Sixtus IV, Borso d’Este, and Isabella d’Este among many others. These
precious volumes will be loaned by eighteen local institutions are: The
Armenian Museum and Library of America; The Boston Athenaeum; Burns
Library, Boston College; School of Theology Library, Boston College;
Boston University; The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; The Boston Public
Library, Brandeis University, Harvard University Law School; the
Countway Library, Harvard Medical School; the Houghton Rare Book and
Manuscript Library, Harvard University; the Harvard Divinity School—Andover-
Harvard Theological Library of the Harvard University Divinity School;
the Baker Library, Harvard Business School; the Isabella Stewart Gardner
Museum, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Northeastern
University; Tufts University, and Wellesley College.  As well as lending
manuscripts, these institutions are also contributing the time and
expertise of their in-house conservators and photographers, whose  are
working hard to prepare for display and digitize the manuscripts,  many
of which have never been exhibited to the public or previously
reproduced.

*Beyond Words* will be exhibited at three venues on both sides of the
Charles River: Harvard University’s Houghton Library in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, and Boston College’s McMullen Museum of Art, where it
will be the inaugural exhibition in the museum’s new building, a
renovation of the  neo-Renaissance palazzo built as a residence for
Boston's archbishop by the architectural firm Maginnis and Walsh in
1927, and the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston. Each venue
will highlight one of the three principal contexts for the production
of books in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, and related
developments in design, script and decoration. The volumes will be
presented to the public as the idealized libraries of three readers—the
monk at the Houghton, lay person at Boston College and humanist prince
at the Gardner Museum—to vividly bring to life books produced for the
communal use of religious institutions; collections that served the
educational, professional, and spiritual needs of individuals; and the
magnificent libraries that proclaimed the power and cultivation of
Renaissance rulers.

The exhibition will be accompanied by a single scholarly catalogue with
essays and entries written by an international cohort of around eighty-
five American and European scholars, including François Avril, Susan
L’Engle, James Marrow, Scot Mckendrick, Lillian Armstrong, Federica
Toniolo and Maria Thiesen. It will be edited by *Beyond Words’s*
curatorial team and published by Boston College.

The exhibition is supported by a generous grant from the National
Endowment for the Humanities as well as by private donors.








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