Subject: [dm-l] Workshop: Digital Text Editing and Knowledge Transfer, May

*** Apologies for cross-posting ***

Dear community,

We are pleased to announce a one-day workshop at the University of London
School of Advanced Study (SAS) on sharing digital text editing training and
teaching methods. The workshop takes place on *May 14, 2015* and is
organised and endorsed by NeDiMAH, DARIAH-RS, Erasmus +, and the DiXiT
Network.

Over the past decades, those active in developing a range of digital
scholarly editing practices have built up a large body of knowledge about
digital tools and methods that enable the development, presentation, and
analysis of digital texts. This has resulted in a wide variety of methods
for teaching and training of text editing. However, those who have to adapt
quickly to working in a digital scholarly editing environment are often not
aware of these different training methods. As a consequence, they might be
overlooking available resources, or even re-inventing the wheel.

The event will bring together teachers of digital editing with a group of
people who have faced the need to learn more about this area, especially
those working in commercial publishing as well as research projects. A
number of key practitioners will be invited to discuss the core resources
available for text editing, and how expertise can be shared more widely.
Specifically, we are looking to see how the experience of those in academia
who teach and research text editing can contribute to the development of a
core set of training materials for those new to the field, and how we can
have better knowledge transfer around digital text editing.

The underlying aim of the workshop is therefore to scope what is already
available in terms of training materials, and to develop a methodology to
assess different kinds of teaching material. This critical overview will
assist the community in the further development of teaching material for
text editing. As an output of the workshop, a basic and open curriculum
will be developed and published as an online resource by NeDIMAH.

The workshop will be in English and is open to anyone interested in the
field of text editing; *some previous experience with text editing and/or
teaching is required.  *

Please register on the EventBrite page
<http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/workshop-digital-text-editing-and-knowledge-transfer-tickets-16086848196>.
A
limited number of *travel bursaries are available* to postgraduates and
early career researchers in countries that are part of the NeDiMAH
network. If you wish to apply for a bursary, please contact the organisers
through the online form before *April 15*.

With kind regards,

Lorna Hughes, School of Advanced Study, University of London

Elena Pierazzo, University of Grenoble

Elli Bleeker, University of Antwerp


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