Subject: [dm-l] Postdoctoral Fellow in Digital Manuscript Studies @ Penn

Hello list,

CLIR is in the process of announcing the next bunch of postdocs in the
"Data Curation for Medieval Studies" program, and it includes one at the
University of Pennsylvania, working in the Schoenberg Institute for
Manuscript Studies, focused specifically on Digital Manuscript Studies.
I've copied the complete description below, and it's also available on the
CLIR website:
http://www.clir.org/fellowships/postdoc/applicants/university-of-pennsylvania.
The Deadline for application for all the postdocs is December 30th;
application specifics are here:
http://www.clir.org/fellowships/postdoc/applicants

I'm happy to answer any questions about the Penn post. The other postdocs
in the program are listed here:
http://www.clir.org/fellowships/postdoc/applicants/dc-medieval

Thanks,
Dot
*********
University of Pennsylvania
*Postdoctoral Fellow in Digital Manuscript Studies*

The University of Pennsylvania Libraries seek an innovative and energetic
CLIR Postdoctoral Fellow in Digital Manuscript Studies to play an integral
role in the working life of the Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies
(SIMS) in the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books and
Manuscripts at Penn’s Van Pelt-Dietrich Library.

*About the Position:*

The Fellow will work on the SIMS team on several overlapping initiatives
that explore both the materiality of medieval manuscripts as within a
digital context and the possibilities of analyzing texts that the codices
contain. These initiatives include:

   - Collation Visualization, a developing set of tools that enable
   scholars to virtually model and visualize the physical construction of
   manuscripts, relating the models to digital images and content
   https://github.com/leoba/VisColland
   http://dorpdev.library.upenn.edu/collation/
   - Digital Editions, a project to create image-based editions of medieval
   manuscripts from our own and other collections and publish them online.
   (Complete: http://sceti.library.upenn.edu/ljs225/,
   <http://sceti.library.upenn.edu/ljs225/>under development:
   http://schoenberginstitute.org/pembroke25)
   - Manuscript Ebooks, an ongoing project to create ebooks (in the epub
   format) from manuscripts in OPenn and from other open source repositories.
   http://repository.upenn.edu/sims_ebooks
   <http://repository.upenn.edu/sims_ebooks/>/
   <http://repository.upenn.edu/sims_ebooks/>
   - Kalendarium, a project to build a crowd-sourced digital tool for
   collecting and identifying all the world’s medieval liturgical calendars.
   Begun at Penn, participants now include Stanford University and the Morgan
   Library as well as universities in the Netherlands, Belgium, and Scotland.
   http://schoenberginstitute.org/kalendarium/
   - Video Facsimiles, an experimental project to create high-quality
   videos of complete manuscripts and annotate them on textual content, visual
   content, and issues of materiality.
   http://scalar.usc.edu/works/video-facsimiles/index
   - Schoenberg Database of Manuscripts, currently in year two of a
   three-year, $300,000 grant from the NEH, which collects information about
   both the current and historic locations of the world's pre-1600 manuscript
   books, creating a metacatalogue for finding and indexing the world's
   manuscripts. http://dla.library.upenn.edu/dla/schoenberg/
   - Video Orientations, short (1-2 minute) videos that briefly introduce
   our manuscripts to a general audience, which are stored in our scholarly
   repository, shared on social media, and linked to manuscript records in our
   OPAC.http://repository.upenn.edu/sims_video/

The centerpiece of the Fellow’s work will be developing a new initiative in
conjunction with SIMS staff and using Penn’s physical and digital
resources. This initiative may be a single extended project, or several
short-term projects. This would be a two-year position, funded by the
Mellon Foundation (via CLIR) and the Penn Libraries.

 *Required Qualifications:*

   - PhD in an area of medieval studies, with a concentration in the
   history of the book
   - Working knowledge of at least two non-English languages

*Preferred Qualifications:*

   - Experience with prior digital projects and some knowledge of
   programming

*Fellow Responsibilities:*

   - Contribute to the work of SIMS by supporting existing work as relevant
   to his or her interests, and develop his or her own initiative to work on
   during the course of the fellowship, as described above.
   - Participate in the ongoing digitization of medieval manuscripts
   through cataloging new manuscripts and generating metadata for existing
   manuscripts.
   - Assist the library in the adoption of new technologies for access to
   medieval material, including the International Image Interoperability
   Framework http://iiif.io/
   - Participate in the curation of special collections library data,
   including:
      - Curation of data in OPenn (our open access collection of digitized
      medieval manuscript data:http://openn.library.upenn.edu/
      - Development of a data repository in the library for data already
      available through Penn;
      - Curation of originally developed video content.
      - Participate in the acquisition of manuscript-related digital
      resources by Penn Libraries.
      - Make regular contributions to the Penn Libraries Manuscripts Tumblr
      (http://upennmanuscripts.tumblr.com/

 At Penn the Fellow will receive mentoring and guidance from experts in the
field. These include Dot Porter (Curator of Digital Research Services),
Will Noel (Director – SIMS and Kislak Center), Doug Emery (Digital Content
Programmer), Robert Ousterhout (Professor of History of Art, Director of
the Center for Ancient Studies), as well as the wider Philadelphia history
of the book community. The Fellow will be hosted by SIMS and have a joint
appointment in the department of the History of Art at Penn. He or she will
also participate in the programs of the Kislak Center and the department of
the History of Art. These include organizing seminars on best digital
practices, delivering lectures, and curating exhibitions. The Fellow will
help plan, solicit contributions, and speak at the ninth annual Schoenberg
Symposium on Manuscript Studies in the Digital Age in 2017. This will
provide the Fellow with a platform for presenting new developments in the
field of medieval data curation, including those to which he or she has
contributed.

*About the Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies and the Kislak
Center*

The Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies is a teaching and research
center devoted to the study of manuscripts in their material and digital
forms. Housed in the Penn Libraries’ Kislak Center for Special Collections,
Rare Books and Manuscripts, SIMS emphasizes hands-on work with unique
witnesses to the past through the practical study of paleography,
codicology, illumination, book arts, book history and the history of
science and medicine, among many other fields. These primary source
materials offer the Penn community and scholars everywhere unprecedented
opportunities for collaboration in multidisciplinary research and
scholarship. SIMS engages with regional and international institutions to
foster study and use of the collection through lectures, symposia,
publications, and digitization programs, and holds a firm commitment to
develop and promote digital technologies that instruct and inspire scholars
and students around the world through forward-thinking open-access policies.

The Kislak Center is the product of a $17 million renovation project and
houses an extraordinary collection of rare books and manuscripts. Its
mission is to bring collections, modern technology, and a wide base of
patrons together to facilitate access to our common cultural heritage. The
fellow will benefit from the combined skills and knowledge of the Kislak
Center’s staff as well as faculty of the humanities departments, and the
wider resources, of the University. Through its faculty and library
resources, the University of Pennsylvania has long been at the forefront of
book history and material text research, especially in the medieval and
early modern period. The fellow will play a key role in developing this
field through his or her research as an integral part of the Schoenberg
Institute for Manuscript Studies team.

-- 
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
Dot Porter (MA, MSLS)
Digital Medievalist, Digital Librarian
_redacted_(a)gmail.com
Personal blog: dotporterdigital.org
Medieval Electronic Scholarly Alliance: http://www.mesa-medieval.org
MESA blog: http://mesamedieval.wordpress.com/
MESA on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/MedievalElectronicScholarlyAlliance
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*


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