Subject: [dm-l] 2015 Schoenberg Symposium Announcement

8th Annual Lawrence J. Schoenberg Symposium on Manuscript Studies in the
Digital Age

November 12-14, 2015 

Picking Up the Pieces

In partnership with the Rare Book Department
<https://libwww.freelibrary.org/rarebooks/index.cfm>  of the Free Library
of Philadelphia, the Schoenberg Institute of Manuscript Studies (SIMS
<http://schoenberginstitute.org/> ) at the University of Pennsylvania
Libraries is pleased to announce the 8th Annual Lawrence J. Schoenberg
Symposium on Manuscript Studies in the Digital Age. This year's theme,
"Picking up the Pieces," considers the notions and consequences of
fragmentation and reconstitution. When books are broken up, collections
dispersed, or a society's intellectual heritage is fragmented by time,
nature, and human interventions, the act of piecing together the remains
can lead to surprising insights about how and why books--the artifacts of
our intellectual heritage--were produced, collected, and saved in the
first place. Our aim is to examine various facets of the fragmentation of
books, collections, and cultural heritages in literal, metaphorical, and
philosophical terms. The topic also allows us to consider how the
processes of both physical and virtual reconstitution inform our
understanding of these artifacts and our relationship to them.

 

The program begins Thursday evening, November 12, at the Free Library of
Philadelphia, Parkway Central Library, with our keynote speaker Nicholas
Pickwoad, Director of Ligatus <http://www.ligatus.org.uk/> , a research
center of the University of the Arts London with projects in historical
libraries and archives, and a leading authority on the conservation and
history of bookbindings. The symposium continues, November 13-14, at the
Kislak Center of Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts at the
University of Pennsylvania Libraries, with papers and workshops that delve
into various aspects of fragmentation and reconstitution. The symposium
will end with a roundtable discussion led William G. Noel, Director of
SIMS, and  Brian C. Rose, James B. Pritchard Professor of Archaeology,
Professor of Classical Studies at the University of Pennsylvania on the
historical, social, and political consequences of fragmentation and
reconstitution in the cultural heritage sector.

 

For more information and to register, go to:
http://www.library.upenn.edu/exhibits/lectures/ljs_symposium8.html

 

 

******************

Lynn Ransom, Ph.D.

Curator of Programs, Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies

http://schoenberginstitute.org/

Project Director, The New Schoenberg Database of Manuscripts

http://dla.library.upenn.edu/dla/schoenberg

The University of Pennsylvania Libraries 

3420 Walnut Street 

Philadelphia, PA 19104-6206

215.898.7851

 

 

 

 

 



--5599371324041366517Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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