Subject: [dm-l] Workshop Automated Handwritten Text Recognition Transkribus

Dear list members,

Apologies for possible cross posting. I'd thought colleagues in the field
might be interested in the following workshop announcement.

All the best
--Joris van Zundert


WORKSHOP AUTOMATED HANDWRITTEN TEXT RECOGNITION TRANSKRIBUS AND THE
‘RESOLUTIONS OF THE DUTCH STATES-GENERAL’ (Den Haag, Netherlands, 25
November 2015)

The workshop introduces Transkribus and is organized by Huygens ING, INL
and the tranScriptorium project. Transkribus is developed in the EU funded
project tranScriptorium, a research infrastructure for transcribing and
automated text recognition of historical documents.

Automated recognition of handwritten documents (HTR) is no longer wishful
thinking but a real option. Whether it concerns medieval codices or modern
archival documents, HTR is not only able to create an automated
transcription, it also offers significantly improved search capabilities
through new search methods (“keyword spotting”).

Until recently, intensive efforts by specialized researchers have been the
only way to make the content of the resolutions accessible. In the new
project, alternative ways to make the content of the resolutions accessible
for researchers and other users are explored. Huygens-ING carries out a
number of pilot projects to clarify to which extent advanced ICT techniques
and tools can reduce the dependency on manual labor. Working with HTR is
one of these pilots.

The workshop  shows preliminary results of a training set of the 17th
century resolutions of the Dutch Staten-Generaal (Estates General), of
automated structuring of printed 18th century resolutions. Moreover, it
also offers a hands-on Transkribus session for the participants.

The transcripts of the *Resolutions of the States-General *consist of
200.000 pages of handwritten text that not only reflect the invention and
early development of the new Dutch State, but also are a witness of the
daily political activities of the “Hoogmogende Heren”.

*Programme*

Automated Handwritten Text Recognition – Transkribus and the project
‘Resolutions of the Dutch States-General’. Friday, 27 November 2015 The
Hague.

   - 10.30-12.15 Lectures – This session offers an insight into the
   technology behind Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR), introduces the
   Transkribus platform and will reveal the results of HTR applied to the
   resolutions of the Dutch Staten-Generaal. In addition, it shows the results
   automated structuring and interpretation of printed 18th century
   resolutions.
   - 10.00   Walk in, coffee and tea
   - 10.30   Introduction by Lex Heerma van Voss, director of the Huygens
   ING
   - 10.40   Véronica Romero (Universitat Politècnica de València) –
   Interactive Handwritten Text Recognition and indexing of historical
   documents: the tranScriptorum Project
   - 11.00   Ronald Sluijter (Huygens ING) – Introduction to the
   Resolutions of the Staten-Generaal
   - 11.10   Jesse de Does (Institute for Dutch Lexicology) – HTR on the
   hand-written Resolutions of the Staten-Generaal
   - 11.30   Walter Ravenek (Huygens ING)– Structure and interpretation of
   the printed Resolutions of the Staten-Generaal 1725
   - 11.50   Günter Mühlberger (University of Innsbruck)- Recognition and
   Enrichment of Archival Documents – the READ Project. e-Infrastructure for
   Humanities Scholars, Archives, Computer Scientists and the Public.
   - 12.15   Lunch
   - 13.30   Hands-on session Transkribus

During the second part the participants get the opportunity to try out
Transkribus on their own laptops to get a sense of the stage the technology
is in and what it can mean for their own work.

For this goal we ask participants to install Transkribus beforehand.
Instructions for this will be send to you prior to the meeting.

16.00   Drinks

*Place*

Huygens Institute for the History of the Netherlands, Prins
Willem-Alexanderhof 5, The Hague (the Netherlands)

*Links*

   - EU FP7 Projekt tranScriptorium: http://transcriptorium.eu/
   - TRANSKRIBUS Plattform: http://transkribus.eu/

*Registration*

_redacted_(a)huygens.knaw.nl. Please indicate whether you intend
to attend just the morning program or the hands-on session as well.

The workshop is aimed at scholars who are involved in the transcription and
editing of historical documents. The number of participants is limited,
registrations will be accepted in the order of arrival. Registration
deadline is 20 November 2015.

Please bring your own laptop to the Workshop!




PGRpdiBkaXI9Imx0ciI+PGRpdj48ZGl2PjxkaXY+RGVhciBsaXN0IG1lbWJlcnMsPGJyPjxicj48
L2Rpdj5BcG9sb2dpZXMgZm9yIHBvc3NpYmxlIGNyb3NzIHBvc3RpbmcuIEkmIzM5O2QgdGhvdWdo
dCBjb2xsZWFndWVzIGluIHRoZSBmaWVsZCBtaWdodCBiZSBpbnRlcmVzdGVkIGluIHRoZSBmb2xs
b3dpbmcgd29ya3Nob3AgYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50Ljxicj48YnI+PC9kaXY+QWxsIHRoZSBiZXN0PGJy
PjwvZGl2Pi0tSm9yaXMgdmFuIFp1bmRlcnQ8YnI+PGRpdj48ZGl2PjxkaXY+PGRpdj48YnI+PGRp
diBjbGFzcz0iZ21haWxfcXVvdGUiPjxicj48ZGl2IGRpcj0ibHRyIj48ZGl2PjxkaXY+PGRpdj48
ZGl2PjxkaXY+PGRpdj49PT09PGJyPjxicj48ZGl2IGNsYXNzPSJnbWFpbF9xdW90ZSI+PGRpdiBz
dHlsZT0id29yZC13cmFwOmJyZWFrLXdvcmQiPgo8ZGl2IHN0eWxlPSJjb2xvcjpyZ2IoMCwwLDAp
O2ZvbnQtZmFtaWx5OkNhbGlicmksc2Fucy1zZXJpZjtmb250LXNpemU6MTRweCI+CldPUktTSE9Q
IEFVVE9NQVRFRCBIQU5EV1JJVFRFTiBURVhUIFJFQ09HTklUSU9OIFRSQU5TS1JJQlVTIEFORCBU
SEUg4oCYUkVTT0xVVElPTlMgT0YgVEhFIERVVENIIFNUQVRFUy1HRU5FUkFM4oCZIChEZW4gSGFh
ZywgTmV0aGVybGFuZHMsIDI1IE5vdmVtYmVyIDIwMTUpPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGZvbnQgZmFjZT0i
Q2FsaWJyaSxzYW5zLXNlcmlmIj48YnI+CjwvZm9udD48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48Zm9udCBmYWNlPSJD
YWxpYnJpLHNhbnMtc2VyaWYiPgo8ZGl2PlRoZSB3b3Jrc2hvcCBpbnRyb2R1Y2VzIFRyYW5za3Jp
YnVzIGFuZCBpcyBvcmdhbml6ZWQgYnkgSHV5Z2VucyBJTkcsIElOTCBhbmQgdGhlIHRyYW5TY3Jp
cHRvcml1bSBwcm9qZWN0LiBUcmFuc2tyaWJ1cyBpcyBkZXZlbG9wZWQgaW4gdGhlIEVVIGZ1bmRl
ZCBwcm9qZWN0IHRyYW5TY3JpcHRvcml1bSwgYSByZXNlYXJjaCBpbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZSBmb3Ig
dHJhbnNjcmliaW5nIGFuZCBhdXRvbWF0ZWQgdGV4dCByZWNvZ25pdGlvbiBvZiBoaXN0b3JpY2Fs
CiBkb2N1bWVudHMuPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPgo8L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj5BdXRvbWF0ZWQgcmVjb2du
aXRpb24gb2YgaGFuZHdyaXR0ZW4gZG9jdW1lbnRzIChIVFIpIGlzIG5vIGxvbmdlciB3aXNoZnVs
IHRoaW5raW5nIGJ1dCBhIHJlYWwgb3B0aW9uLiBXaGV0aGVyIGl0IGNvbmNlcm5zIG1lZGlldmFs
IGNvZGljZXMgb3IgbW9kZXJuIGFyY2hpdmFsIGRvY3VtZW50cywgSFRSIGlzIG5vdCBvbmx5IGFi
bGUgdG8gY3JlYXRlIGFuIGF1dG9tYXRlZCB0cmFuc2NyaXB0aW9uLCBpdCBhbHNvIG9mZmVycyBz
aWduaWZpY2FudGx5CiBpbXByb3ZlZCBzZWFyY2ggY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIHRocm91Z2ggbmV3IHNl
YXJjaCBtZXRob2RzICjigJxrZXl3b3JkIHNwb3R0aW5n4oCdKS48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+Cjwv
ZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PlVudGlsIHJlY2VudGx5LCBpbnRlbnNpdmUgZWZmb3J0cyBieSBzcGVjaWFsaXpl
ZCByZXNlYXJjaGVycyBoYXZlIGJlZW4gdGhlIG9ubHkgd2F5IHRvIG1ha2UgdGhlIGNvbnRlbnQg
b2YgdGhlIHJlc29sdXRpb25zIGFjY2Vzc2libGUuIEluIHRoZSBuZXcgcHJvamVjdCwgYWx0ZXJu
YXRpdmUgd2F5cyB0byBtYWtlIHRoZSBjb250ZW50IG9mIHRoZSByZXNvbHV0aW9ucyBhY2Nlc3Np
YmxlIGZvciByZXNlYXJjaGVycyBhbmQgb3RoZXIgdXNlcnMKIGFyZSBleHBsb3JlZC4gSHV5Z2Vu
cy1JTkcgY2FycmllcyBvdXQgYSBudW1iZXIgb2YgcGlsb3QgcHJvamVjdHMgdG8gY2xhcmlmeSB0
byB3aGljaCBleHRlbnQgYWR2YW5jZWQgSUNUIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMgYW5kIHRvb2xzIGNhbiByZWR1
Y2UgdGhlIGRlcGVuZGVuY3kgb24gbWFudWFsIGxhYm9yLiBXb3JraW5nIHdpdGggSFRSIGlzIG9u
ZSBvZiB0aGVzZSBwaWxvdHMuPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPgo8L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj5UaGUgd29ya3No
b3AgwqBzaG93cyBwcmVsaW1pbmFyeSByZXN1bHRzIG9mIGEgdHJhaW5pbmcgc2V0IG9mIHRoZSAx
N3RoIGNlbnR1cnkgcmVzb2x1dGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIER1dGNoIFN0YXRlbi1HZW5lcmFhbCAoRXN0
YXRlcyBHZW5lcmFsKSwgb2YgYXV0b21hdGVkIHN0cnVjdHVyaW5nIG9mIHByaW50ZWQgMTh0aCBj
ZW50dXJ5IHJlc29sdXRpb25zLiBNb3Jlb3ZlciwgaXQgYWxzbyBvZmZlcnMgYSBoYW5kcy1vbiBU
cmFuc2tyaWJ1cyBzZXNzaW9uCiBmb3IgdGhlIHBhcnRpY2lwYW50cy48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+
CjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PlRoZSB0cmFuc2NyaXB0cyBvZiB0aGUgPGk+UmVzb2x1dGlvbnMgb2YgdGhl
IFN0YXRlcy1HZW5lcmFsIDwvaT5jb25zaXN0IG9mIDIwMC4wMDAgcGFnZXMgb2YgaGFuZHdyaXR0
ZW4gdGV4dCB0aGF0IG5vdCBvbmx5IHJlZmxlY3QgdGhlIGludmVudGlvbiBhbmQgZWFybHkgZGV2
ZWxvcG1lbnQgb2YgdGhlIG5ldyBEdXRjaCBTdGF0ZSwgYnV0IGFsc28gYXJlIGEgd2l0bmVzcyBv
ZiB0aGUgZGFpbHkgcG9saXRpY2FsIGFjdGl2aXRpZXMgb2YgdGhlCiDigJxIb29nbW9nZW5kZSBI
ZXJlbuKAnS48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+CjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PjxiPlByb2dyYW1tZTwvYj48L2Rp
dj4KPGRpdj48YnI+CjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PkF1dG9tYXRlZCBIYW5kd3JpdHRlbiBUZXh0IFJlY29n
bml0aW9uIOKAkyBUcmFuc2tyaWJ1cyBhbmQgdGhlIHByb2plY3Qg4oCYUmVzb2x1dGlvbnMgb2Yg
dGhlIER1dGNoIFN0YXRlcy1HZW5lcmFs4oCZLiBGcmlkYXksIDI3IE5vdmVtYmVyIDIwMTUgVGhl
IEhhZ3VlLjwvZGl2Pgo8dWw+CjxsaT4xMC4zMC0xMi4xNSBMZWN0dXJlcyDigJMgVGhpcyBzZXNz
aW9uIG9mZmVycyBhbiBpbnNpZ2h0IGludG8gdGhlIHRlY2hub2xvZ3kgYmVoaW5kIEhhbmR3cml0
dGVuIFRleHQgUmVjb2duaXRpb24gKEhUUiksIGludHJvZHVjZXMgdGhlIFRyYW5za3JpYnVzIHBs
YXRmb3JtIGFuZCB3aWxsIHJldmVhbCB0aGUgcmVzdWx0cyBvZiBIVFIgYXBwbGllZCB0byB0aGUg
cmVzb2x1dGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIER1dGNoIFN0YXRlbi1HZW5lcmFhbC4gSW4gYWRkaXRpb24sCiBp
dCBzaG93cyB0aGUgcmVzdWx0cyBhdXRvbWF0ZWQgc3RydWN0dXJpbmcgYW5kIGludGVycHJldGF0
aW9uIG9mIHByaW50ZWQgMTh0aCBjZW50dXJ5IHJlc29sdXRpb25zLjwvbGk+PGxpPjEwLjAwIMKg
IFdhbGsgaW4sIGNvZmZlZSBhbmQgdGVhPC9saT48bGk+MTAuMzAgwqAgSW50cm9kdWN0aW9uIGJ5
IExleCBIZWVybWEgdmFuIFZvc3MsIGRpcmVjdG9yIG9mIHRoZSBIdXlnZW5zIElORzwvbGk+PGxp
PjEwLjQwIMKgIFbDqXJvbmljYSBSb21lcm8gKFVuaXZlcnNpdGF0IFBvbGl0w6hjbmljYSBkZSBW
YWzDqG5jaWEpIOKAkyBJbnRlcmFjdGl2ZSBIYW5kd3JpdHRlbiBUZXh0IFJlY29nbml0aW9uIGFu
ZCBpbmRleGluZyBvZiBoaXN0b3JpY2FsIGRvY3VtZW50czogdGhlIHRyYW5TY3JpcHRvcnVtIFBy
b2plY3Q8L2xpPjxsaT4xMS4wMCDCoCBSb25hbGQgU2x1aWp0ZXIgKEh1eWdlbnMgSU5HKSDigJMg
SW50cm9kdWN0aW9uIHRvIHRoZSBSZXNvbHV0aW9ucyBvZiB0aGUgU3RhdGVuLUdlbmVyYWFsPC9s
aT48bGk+MTEuMTAgwqAgSmVzc2UgZGUgRG9lcyAoSW5zdGl0dXRlIGZvciBEdXRjaCBMZXhpY29s
b2d5KSDigJMgSFRSIG9uIHRoZSBoYW5kLXdyaXR0ZW4gUmVzb2x1dGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIFN0YXRl
bi1HZW5lcmFhbDwvbGk+PGxpPjExLjMwIMKgIFdhbHRlciBSYXZlbmVrIChIdXlnZW5zIElORyni
gJMgU3RydWN0dXJlIGFuZCBpbnRlcnByZXRhdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgcHJpbnRlZCBSZXNvbHV0aW9u
cyBvZiB0aGUgU3RhdGVuLUdlbmVyYWFsIDE3MjU8L2xpPjxsaT4xMS41MCDCoCBHw7xudGVyIE3D
vGhsYmVyZ2VyIChVbml2ZXJzaXR5IG9mIElubnNicnVjayktIFJlY29nbml0aW9uIGFuZCBFbnJp
Y2htZW50IG9mIEFyY2hpdmFsIERvY3VtZW50cyDigJMgdGhlIFJFQUQgUHJvamVjdC4gZS1JbmZy
YXN0cnVjdHVyZSBmb3IgSHVtYW5pdGllcyBTY2hvbGFycywgQXJjaGl2ZXMsIENvbXB1dGVyIFNj
aWVudGlzdHMgYW5kIHRoZSBQdWJsaWMuPC9saT48bGk+MTIuMTUgwqAgTHVuY2g8L2xpPjxsaT4x
My4zMCDCoCBIYW5kcy1vbiBzZXNzaW9uIFRyYW5za3JpYnVzPC9saT48L3VsPgo8ZGl2PkR1cmlu
ZyB0aGUgc2Vjb25kIHBhcnQgdGhlIHBhcnRpY2lwYW50cyBnZXQgdGhlIG9wcG9ydHVuaXR5IHRv
IHRyeSBvdXQgVHJhbnNrcmlidXMgb24gdGhlaXIgb3duIGxhcHRvcHMgdG8gZ2V0IGEgc2Vuc2Ug
b2YgdGhlIHN0YWdlIHRoZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IGlzIGluIGFuZCB3aGF0IGl0IGNhbiBtZWFuIGZv
ciB0aGVpciBvd24gd29yay48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+CjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PkZvciB0aGlzIGdv
YWwgd2UgYXNrIHBhcnRpY2lwYW50cyB0byBpbnN0YWxsIFRyYW5za3JpYnVzIGJlZm9yZWhhbmQu
IEluc3RydWN0aW9ucyBmb3IgdGhpcyB3aWxsIGJlIHNlbmQgdG8geW91IHByaW9yIHRvIHRoZSBt
ZWV0aW5nLjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pjxicj4KPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+MTYuMDAgwqAgRHJpbmtzPC9kaXY+
CjxkaXY+PGJyPgo8L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48Yj5QbGFjZTwvYj48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+CjwvZGl2
Pgo8ZGl2Pkh1eWdlbnMgSW5zdGl0dXRlIGZvciB0aGUgSGlzdG9yeSBvZiB0aGUgTmV0aGVybGFu
ZHMsIFByaW5zIFdpbGxlbS1BbGV4YW5kZXJob2YgNSwgVGhlIEhhZ3VlICh0aGUgTmV0aGVybGFu
ZHMpPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGI+PGJyPgo8L2I+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGI+TGlua3M8L2I+PC9kaXY+
Cjx1bD4KPGxpPkVVIEZQNyBQcm9qZWt0IHRyYW5TY3JpcHRvcml1bTogPGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDov
L3RyYW5zY3JpcHRvcml1bS5ldSIgdGFyZ2V0PSJfYmxhbmsiPmh0dHA6Ly90cmFuc2NyaXB0b3Jp
dW0uZXU8L2E+LzwvbGk+PGxpPlRSQU5TS1JJQlVTIFBsYXR0Zm9ybTogPGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDov
L3RyYW5za3JpYnVzLmV1IiB0YXJnZXQ9Il9ibGFuayI+aHR0cDovL3RyYW5za3JpYnVzLmV1PC9h
Pi88L2xpPjwvdWw+CjxkaXY+PGI+UmVnaXN0cmF0aW9uPC9iPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pjxicj4KPC9k
aXY+CjxkaXY+UmVnaXN0ZXIgdmlhOiA8YSBocmVmPSJtYWlsdG86Y29uZ3Jlc0BodXlnZW5zLmtu
YXcubmwiIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5jb25ncmVzQGh1eWdlbnMua25hdy5ubDwvYT4uIFBsZWFz
ZSBpbmRpY2F0ZSB3aGV0aGVyIHlvdSBpbnRlbmQgdG8gYXR0ZW5kIGp1c3QgdGhlIG1vcm5pbmcg
cHJvZ3JhbSBvciB0aGUgaGFuZHMtb24gc2Vzc2lvbiBhcyB3ZWxsLjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pjxicj4K
PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+VGhlIHdvcmtzaG9wIGlzIGFpbWVkIGF0IHNjaG9sYXJzIHdobyBhcmUgaW52
b2x2ZWQgaW4gdGhlIHRyYW5zY3JpcHRpb24gYW5kIGVkaXRpbmcgb2YgaGlzdG9yaWNhbCBkb2N1
bWVudHMuIFRoZSBudW1iZXIgb2YgcGFydGljaXBhbnRzIGlzIGxpbWl0ZWQsIHJlZ2lzdHJhdGlv
bnMgd2lsbCBiZSBhY2NlcHRlZCBpbiB0aGUgb3JkZXIgb2YgYXJyaXZhbC4gUmVnaXN0cmF0aW9u
IGRlYWRsaW5lIGlzIDIwIE5vdmVtYmVyIDIwMTUuPC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPgo8L2Rpdj4KPGRp
dj5QbGVhc2UgYnJpbmcgeW91ciBvd24gbGFwdG9wIHRvIHRoZSBXb3Jrc2hvcCE8YnI+PGJyPj09
PT08YnI+PC9kaXY+CjwvZm9udD48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdiBzdHlsZT0iY29sb3I6cmdiKDAsMCwwKTtm
b250LWZhbWlseTpDYWxpYnJpLHNhbnMtc2VyaWY7Zm9udC1zaXplOjE0cHgiPgo8ZGl2PjwvZGl2
Pgo8L2Rpdj4KPC9kaXY+Cgo8L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rp
dj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj48L2Rpdj4K

