Subject: [dm-l] DH Awards 2014: Voting Open!

Voting for DH Awards is open!

DH Awards 2014 is open for voting at:
http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/voting/ until the end of *28 February 2015*.
Versions of this announcement in French
<http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/voting-announcement-french/>, Japanese
<http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/voting-announcement-japanese/> and Spanish
<http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/voting-announcement-spanish/> are
available from the website.

Digital Humanities Awards are a set of entirely open annual awards run as a
DH awareness raising activity. The awards are nominated and voted for
entirely by the public. These awards are intended to help put interesting
DH resources in the spotlight and engage DH users (and general public) in
the work of the community. Although the working language of DH Awards is
English, nominations may be for any resource in any language. Awards are
not specific to geography, language, conference, organization or field of
humanities. There is no financial prize associated with these community
awards. There were many nominations and the international nominations
committee (http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/committee/) reviewed each
nomination. Weâ€™re sorry if your nomination was not included, or changed
category, all decisions are final once voting opens. Please see
http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/faqs2014/ for this and other frequently
asked questions.

Anyone is allowed to vote, yes anyone, but please only vote once.

Please cast vote by looking at the nominations and following the link to
voting form at http://dhawards.org/dhawards2014/voting/ before midnight
(GMT) on *28 February 2015* when voting will be closed.

Good luck!

James


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