Subject: [dm-l] Update: Links for Globallink 2016 internship programme

Hi all,

As several people have pointed out, I forgot the information on the actual
programme when I distributed the call for applications. Here's my original
email with the information below on applying:

This programme is certainly of interest to members of this list and people
they know. There are some great paid internships available, including two
in my labs at the U of L. The programme is aimed at international students
(from high, mid, and low income economies) who wish to intern with Canadian
academics.

Our positions involve XML work on journals or 3D and Linked Open Data work
on the Visionary Cross project. We welcome excellent students in either of
these. But there are lots of other positions available!

Students interested in a 2016 Globalink Research Internship have until
*September
24, 2015, at 4 p.m. PDT *to apply.

The Globalink Research Internship is a 12-week research project for
high-achieving senior undergraduates from international universities from
Australia, Brazil, China, France, India, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, and
Vietnam.

Starting May 2016, approved students travel to Canada, where they work with
a faculty supervisor and other researchers at their host universities.

Interns receive:

   - Accommodations and student stipend
   - Professional development workshops
   - Local Globalink mentors

For more information, visit the Globalink Research Internships web page
<https://www.mitacs.ca/en/programs/globalink/globalink-research-internship?utm_source=call&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=gri2016studentcall-canadianuniversities-jul2015>
.

*Mitacs would like to thank Industry Canada, the Governments of Alberta,
British Columbia, and Saskatchewan, and Le Fonds de recherche du Québec –
Nature et technologies. Mitacs is pleased to work with international
partners to support Globalink, including Australia’s Universities
Australia, the China Scholarship Council, Campus France, India’s Ministry
of Human Resource Development, Mexico’s Monterrey Institute of Technology
and Higher Education, the National Autonomous University of Mexico,
Mexico’s Secretariat of Public Education, Saudi Arabia’s Ministry of
Education, and Tunisia’s Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific
Research.*

[image: image001.jpg]

Madame,Monsieur,

*Veuillez distribuer ce courriel à votre réseau afin de promouvoir cette
occasion aux finissants étrangers du premier cycle.*

Les étudiants intéressés à participer au Programme de stages de recherche
Globalink 2016 ont jusqu’au *24 septembre 2015 à 16 h (HAP)* pour soumettre
leur candidature.

Dans le cadre du Programme de stages de recherche Globalink, les meilleurs
finissants de premier cycle des universités de l’Arabie Saoudite, de
l’Australie, du Brésil, de la Chine, de la France, de l’Inde, du Mexique,
de la Tunisie et du Vietnam réaliseront un projet de recherche de
12 semaines.

À partir du mois de mai 2016, les candidats retenus voyageront au Canada où
ils travailleront avec un superviseur universitaire et d’autres chercheurs
à leur université d’accueil.

Voici ce qui est offert aux stagiaires :

   - hébergement et allocation
   - ateliers de perfectionnement professionnel
   - mentor Globalink local

Pour obtenir de plus amples renseignements, consultez la page du Programme
de stages de recherche Globalink
<https://www.mitacs.ca/fr/programmes/globalink/stage-de-recherche-mitacs-globalink?utm_source=call&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=gri2016studentcall-canadianuniversities-jul2015>
.

*Mitacs tient à remercier Industrie Canada, les gouvernements des provinces
de l’Alberta, de la Colombie-Britannique et de la Saskatchewan ainsi que Le
Fonds de recherche du Québec – Nature et technologies. Mitacs est fier de
collaborer avec des partenaires internationaux pour appuyer le programme
Globalink, notamment Universities Australia de l’Australie, le China
Scholarship Council, Campus France, le ministère du Développement des
ressources humaines de l’Inde, l’Institut technologique d’études
supérieures de Monterrey du Mexique, l’Université nationale autonome du
Mexique, le secrétariat à l’Éducation publique du Mexique, le ministre de
l’Éducation de l’Arabie saoudite et le Ministère de l’Enseignement
supérieur et de la Recherche scientifique de la Tunisie.*

[image: image001.jpg]


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/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAeAB4AAD/2wBDAAoHBwkHBgoJCAkLCwoMDxkQDw4ODx4WFxIZJCAmJSMg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