Subject: [dm-l] Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies Visiting	Research

**apologies for cross-posting**

 

The University of Pennsylvania Libraries is pleased to announce a new
initiative, the Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies (SIMS)
Visiting Research Fellowship program. Guided by the vision of its
founders, Lawrence J. Schoenberg and Barbara Brizdle Schoenberg, SIMS aims
to bring manuscript culture, modern technology, and people together to
provide access to and understanding of our shared intellectual heritage.
Part of the Penn Libraries, SIMS oversees an extensive collection of
pre-modern manuscripts from around the world, with a special focus on the
history of philosophy and science, and creates open-access digital content
to support the study of its collections.  SIMS also hosts the
<http://dla.library.upenn.edu/dla/schoenberg/index.html> Schoenberg
Database of Manuscripts and the annual
<http://www.library.upenn.edu/exhibits/lectures/ljs_symposium.html>
Schoenberg Symposium on Manuscript Studies in the Digital Age, now in its
eighth year.

 

The SIMS Visiting Research Fellowships have been established to encourage
research relating to the pre-modern manuscript collections at the
University of Pennsylvania Libraries, including the Schoenberg Collection.
Affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania, located near other
manuscript-rich research collections (the University of Pennsylvania
Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, the Free Library of Philadelphia,
the Chemical Heritage Foundation, and the Rosenbach Museum and Library,
among many others), and linked to the local and international scholarly
communities, SIMS offers fellows a network of resources and opportunities
for collaboration. Fellows will be encouraged to interact with SIMS staff,
Penn faculty, and other medieval and early modern scholars in the
Philadelphia area. Fellows will also be expected to present their research
at Penn Libraries either during the term of the fellowship or on a
selected date following the completion of the term.

 

Applicants can apply to spend 1, 2, or 3 months at SIMS. Project proposals
should demonstrate that the Libraries' pre-modern manuscript resources are
integral to proposed research topics. Recipients will be expected to work
on-site at Penn Libraries for the duration of their fellowship, excluding
possible short research trips in support of the proposed project to nearby
institutions. Proposals with a digital component are encouraged though not
required. A total of $15,000 per year will be divided among up to 3
fellows in increments of $5,000 per month. Awards must be used between
July 1, 2015, and June 30, 2016.

 

Applications are due May 15, 2015. For more information on eligibility and
the application process, go to:
http://schoenberginstitute.org/visiting-research-fellowships.

 

For more information on SIMS, go to  <http://schoenberginstitute.org/>
http://schoenberginstitute.org/. For more information on the Schoenberg
Collection of Manuscripts, go to
http://sceti.library.upenn.edu/schoenberg. On Penn's pre-modern manuscript
holdings in general, go to: http://dla.library.upenn.edu/dla/medren.

 

******************

Lynn Ransom, Ph.D.

Curator, Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies Programs

 <http://schoenberginstitute.org/> http://schoenberginstitute.org/

Project Director, The New Schoenberg Database of Manuscripts

 <http://dla.library.upenn.edu/dla/schoenberg>
http://dla.library.upenn.edu/dla/schoenberg

The University of Pennsylvania Libraries 

3420 Walnut Street 

Philadelphia, PA 19104-6206

_redacted_(a)upenn.edu

215.898.7851

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



--5805385174932731211Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0

PGh0bWwgeG1sbnM6dj0idXJuOnNjaGVtYXMtbWljcm9zb2Z0LWNvbTp2bWwiIHhtbG5zOm89InVy
bjpzY2hlbWFzLW1pY3Jvc29mdC1jb206b2ZmaWNlOm9mZmljZSIgeG1sbnM6dz0idXJuOnNjaGVt
YXMtbWljcm9zb2Z0LWNvbTpvZmZpY2U6d29yZCIgeG1sbnM6bT0iaHR0cDovL3NjaGVtYXMubWlj
cm9zb2Z0LmNvbS9vZmZpY2UvMjAwNC8xMi9vbW1sIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcv
VFIvUkVDLWh0bWw0MCI+PGhlYWQ+PG1ldGEgaHR0cC1lcXVpdj1Db250ZW50LVR5cGUgY29udGVu
dD0idGV4dC9odG1sOyBjaGFyc2V0PXVzLWFzY2lpIj48bWV0YSBuYW1lPUdlbmVyYXRvciBjb250
ZW50PSJNaWNyb3NvZnQgV29yZCAxNCAoZmlsdGVyZWQgbWVkaXVtKSI+PHN0eWxlPjwhLS0KLyog
Rm9udCBEZWZpbml0aW9ucyAqLwpAZm9udC1mYWNlCgl7Zm9udC1mYW1pbHk6U2ltU3VuOwoJcGFu
b3NlLTE6MiAxIDYgMCAzIDEgMSAxIDEgMTt9CkBmb250LWZhY2UKCXtmb250LWZhbWlseTpTaW1T
dW47CglwYW5vc2UtMToyIDEgNiAwIDMgMSAxIDEgMSAxO30KQGZvbnQtZmFjZQoJe2ZvbnQtZmFt
aWx5OkNhbWJyaWE7CglwYW5vc2UtMToyIDQgNSAzIDUgNCA2IDMgMiA0O30KQGZvbnQtZmFjZQoJ
e2ZvbnQtZmFtaWx5OkNhbGlicmk7CglwYW5vc2UtMToyIDE1IDUgMiAyIDIgNCAzIDIgNDt9CkBm
b250LWZhY2UKCXtmb250LWZhbWlseToiXEBTaW1TdW4iOwoJcGFub3NlLTE6MiAxIDYgMCAzIDEg
MSAxIDEgMTt9Ci8qIFN0eWxlIERlZmluaXRpb25zICovCnAuTXNvTm9ybWFsLCBsaS5Nc29Ob3Jt
YWwsIGRpdi5Nc29Ob3JtYWwKCXttYXJnaW4tdG9wOjBpbjsKCW1hcmdpbi1yaWdodDowaW47Cglt
YXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjEwLjBwdDsKCW1hcmdpbi1sZWZ0OjBpbjsKCWxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjExNSU7
Cglmb250LXNpemU6MTEuMHB0OwoJZm9udC1mYW1pbHk6IkNhbGlicmkiLCJzYW5zLXNlcmlmIjt9
CmgxCgl7bXNvLXN0eWxlLXByaW9yaXR5Ojk7Cgltc28tc3R5bGUtbGluazoiSGVhZGluZyAxIENo
YXIiOwoJbWFyZ2luLXRvcDoyNC4wcHQ7CgltYXJnaW4tcmlnaHQ6MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRv
bTowaW47CgltYXJnaW4tbGVmdDowaW47CgltYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7CglsaW5lLWhl
aWdodDoxMTUlOwoJcGFnZS1icmVhay1hZnRlcjphdm9pZDsKCWZvbnQtc2l6ZToxNC4wcHQ7Cglm
b250LWZhbWlseToiQ2FtYnJpYSIsInNlcmlmIjsKCWNvbG9yOiMzNjVGOTE7fQphOmxpbmssIHNw
YW4uTXNvSHlwZXJsaW5rCgl7bXNvLXN0eWxlLXByaW9yaXR5Ojk5OwoJY29sb3I6Ymx1ZTsKCXRl
eHQtZGVjb3JhdGlvbjp1bmRlcmxpbmU7fQphOnZpc2l0ZWQsIHNwYW4uTXNvSHlwZXJsaW5rRm9s
bG93ZWQKCXttc28tc3R5bGUtcHJpb3JpdHk6OTk7Cgljb2xvcjpwdXJwbGU7Cgl0ZXh0LWRlY29y
YXRpb246dW5kZXJsaW5lO30KcC5Nc29MaXN0UGFyYWdyYXBoLCBsaS5Nc29MaXN0UGFyYWdyYXBo
LCBkaXYuTXNvTGlzdFBhcmFncmFwaAoJe21zby1zdHlsZS1wcmlvcml0eTozNDsKCW1hcmdpbi10
b3A6MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLXJpZ2h0OjBpbjsKCW1hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MTAuMHB0OwoJbWFyZ2lu
LWxlZnQ6LjVpbjsKCW1zby1hZGQtc3BhY2U6YXV0bzsKCWxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjExNSU7Cglmb250
LXNpemU6MTEuMHB0OwoJZm9udC1mYW1pbHk6IkNhbGlicmkiLCJzYW5zLXNlcmlmIjt9CnAuTXNv
TGlzdFBhcmFncmFwaEN4U3BGaXJzdCwgbGkuTXNvTGlzdFBhcmFncmFwaEN4U3BGaXJzdCwgZGl2
Lk1zb0xpc3RQYXJhZ3JhcGhDeFNwRmlyc3QKCXttc28tc3R5bGUtcHJpb3JpdHk6MzQ7Cgltc28t
c3R5bGUtdHlwZTpleHBvcnQtb25seTsKCW1hcmdpbi10b3A6MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLXJpZ2h0OjBp
bjsKCW1hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLWxlZnQ6LjVpbjsKCW1hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206
LjAwMDFwdDsKCW1zby1hZGQtc3BhY2U6YXV0bzsKCWxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjExNSU7Cglmb250LXNp
emU6MTEuMHB0OwoJZm9udC1mYW1pbHk6IkNhbGlicmkiLCJzYW5zLXNlcmlmIjt9CnAuTXNvTGlz
dFBhcmFncmFwaEN4U3BNaWRkbGUsIGxpLk1zb0xpc3RQYXJhZ3JhcGhDeFNwTWlkZGxlLCBkaXYu
TXNvTGlzdFBhcmFncmFwaEN4U3BNaWRkbGUKCXttc28tc3R5bGUtcHJpb3JpdHk6MzQ7Cgltc28t
c3R5bGUtdHlwZTpleHBvcnQtb25seTsKCW1hcmdpbi10b3A6MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLXJpZ2h0OjBp
bjsKCW1hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLWxlZnQ6LjVpbjsKCW1hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206
LjAwMDFwdDsKCW1zby1hZGQtc3BhY2U6YXV0bzsKCWxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjExNSU7Cglmb250LXNp
emU6MTEuMHB0OwoJZm9udC1mYW1pbHk6IkNhbGlicmkiLCJzYW5zLXNlcmlmIjt9CnAuTXNvTGlz
dFBhcmFncmFwaEN4U3BMYXN0LCBsaS5Nc29MaXN0UGFyYWdyYXBoQ3hTcExhc3QsIGRpdi5Nc29M
aXN0UGFyYWdyYXBoQ3hTcExhc3QKCXttc28tc3R5bGUtcHJpb3JpdHk6MzQ7Cgltc28tc3R5bGUt
dHlwZTpleHBvcnQtb25seTsKCW1hcmdpbi10b3A6MGluOwoJbWFyZ2luLXJpZ2h0OjBpbjsKCW1h
cmdpbi1ib3R0b206MTAuMHB0OwoJbWFyZ2luLWxlZnQ6LjVpbjsKCW1zby1hZGQtc3BhY2U6YXV0
bzsKCWxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjExNSU7Cglmb250LXNpemU6MTEuMHB0OwoJZm9udC1mYW1pbHk6IkNh
bGlicmkiLCJzYW5zLXNlcmlmIjt9CnNwYW4uSGVhZGluZzFDaGFyCgl7bXNvLXN0eWxlLW5hbWU6
IkhlYWRpbmcgMSBDaGFyIjsKCW1zby1zdHlsZS1wcmlvcml0eTo5OwoJbXNvLXN0eWxlLWxpbms6
IkhlYWRpbmcgMSI7Cglmb250LWZhbWlseToiQ2FtYnJpYSIsInNlcmlmIjsKCWNvbG9yOiMzNjVG
OTE7Cglmb250LXdlaWdodDpib2xkO30Kc3Bhbi5FbWFpbFN0eWxlMTkKCXttc28tc3R5bGUtdHlw
ZTpwZXJzb25hbC1jb21wb3NlOwoJZm9udC1mYW1pbHk6IkNhbGlicmkiLCJzYW5zLXNlcmlmIjsK
CWNvbG9yOndpbmRvd3RleHQ7fQouTXNvQ2hwRGVmYXVsdAoJe21zby1zdHlsZS10eXBlOmV4cG9y
dC1vbmx5OwoJZm9udC1zaXplOjEwLjBwdDt9CkBwYWdlIFdvcmRTZWN0aW9uMQoJe3NpemU6OC41
aW4gMTEuMGluOwoJbWFyZ2luOjEuMGluIDEuMGluIDEuMGluIDEuMGluO30KZGl2LldvcmRTZWN0
aW9uMQoJe3BhZ2U6V29yZFNlY3Rpb24xO30KLS0+PC9zdHlsZT48IS0tW2lmIGd0ZSBtc28gOV0+
PHhtbD4KPG86c2hhcGVkZWZhdWx0cyB2OmV4dD0iZWRpdCIgc3BpZG1heD0iMTAyNiIgLz4KPC94
bWw+PCFbZW5kaWZdLS0+PCEtLVtpZiBndGUgbXNvIDldPjx4bWw+CjxvOnNoYXBlbGF5b3V0IHY6
ZXh0PSJlZGl0Ij4KPG86aWRtYXAgdjpleHQ9ImVkaXQiIGRhdGE9IjEiIC8+CjwvbzpzaGFwZWxh
eW91dD48L3htbD48IVtlbmRpZl0tLT48L2hlYWQ+PGJvZHkgbGFuZz1FTi1VUyBsaW5rPWJsdWUg
dmxpbms9cHVycGxlPjxkaXYgY2xhc3M9V29yZFNlY3Rpb24xPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBz
dHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0
Om5vcm1hbCc+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPioqYXBvbG9naWVzIGZvciBj
cm9zcy1wb3N0aW5nKio8bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0
eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6
bm9ybWFsJz48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjBwdCc+PG86cD4mbmJzcDs8L286cD48
L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFy
Z2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQt
c2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPlRoZSBVbml2ZXJzaXR5IG9mIFBlbm5zeWx2YW5pYSBMaWJyYXJpZXMgaXMg
cGxlYXNlZCB0byBhbm5vdW5jZSBhIG5ldyBpbml0aWF0aXZlLCB0aGUgU2Nob2VuYmVyZyBJbnN0
aXR1dGUgZm9yIE1hbnVzY3JpcHQgU3R1ZGllcyAoU0lNUykgVmlzaXRpbmcgUmVzZWFyY2ggRmVs
bG93c2hpcCBwcm9ncmFtLiBHdWlkZWQgYnkgdGhlIHZpc2lvbiBvZiBpdHMgZm91bmRlcnMsIExh
d3JlbmNlIEouIFNjaG9lbmJlcmcgYW5kIEJhcmJhcmEgQnJpemRsZSBTY2hvZW5iZXJnLCBTSU1T
IGFpbXMgdG8gYnJpbmcgbWFudXNjcmlwdCBjdWx0dXJlLCBtb2Rlcm4gdGVjaG5vbG9neSwgYW5k
IHBlb3BsZSB0b2dldGhlciB0byBwcm92aWRlIGFjY2VzcyB0byBhbmQgdW5kZXJzdGFuZGluZyBv
ZiBvdXIgc2hhcmVkIGludGVsbGVjdHVhbCBoZXJpdGFnZS4gUGFydCBvZiB0aGUgUGVubiBMaWJy
YXJpZXMsIFNJTVMgb3ZlcnNlZXMgYW4gZXh0ZW5zaXZlIGNvbGxlY3Rpb24gb2YgcHJlLW1vZGVy
biBtYW51c2NyaXB0cyBmcm9tIGFyb3VuZCB0aGUgd29ybGQsIHdpdGggYSBzcGVjaWFsIGZvY3Vz
IG9uIHRoZSBoaXN0b3J5IG9mIHBoaWxvc29waHkgYW5kIHNjaWVuY2UsIGFuZCBjcmVhdGVzIG9w
ZW4tYWNjZXNzIGRpZ2l0YWwgY29udGVudCB0byBzdXBwb3J0IHRoZSBzdHVkeSBvZiBpdHMgY29s
bGVjdGlvbnMuJm5ic3A7IFNJTVMgYWxzbyBob3N0cyB0aGUgPC9zcGFuPjxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6
Ly9kbGEubGlicmFyeS51cGVubi5lZHUvZGxhL3NjaG9lbmJlcmcvaW5kZXguaHRtbCI+PHNwYW4g
c3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPlNjaG9lbmJlcmcgRGF0YWJhc2Ugb2YgTWFudXNjcmlw
dHM8L3NwYW4+PC9hPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6MTIuMHB0Jz4gYW5kIHRoZSBhbm51
YWwgPC9zcGFuPjxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cubGlicmFyeS51cGVubi5lZHUvZXhoaWJpdHMv
bGVjdHVyZXMvbGpzX3N5bXBvc2l1bS5odG1sIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjBw
dCc+U2Nob2VuYmVyZyBTeW1wb3NpdW0gb24gTWFudXNjcmlwdCBTdHVkaWVzIGluIHRoZSBEaWdp
dGFsIEFnZTwvc3Bhbj48L2E+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPiwgbm93IGlu
IGl0cyBlaWdodGggeWVhci48bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFs
IHN0eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWln
aHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjBwdCc+PG86cD4mbmJzcDs8L286
cD48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47
bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2Zv
bnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPlRoZSBTSU1TIFZpc2l0aW5nIFJlc2VhcmNoIEZlbGxvd3NoaXBzIGhh
dmUgYmVlbiBlc3RhYmxpc2hlZCB0byBlbmNvdXJhZ2UgcmVzZWFyY2ggcmVsYXRpbmcgdG8gdGhl
IHByZS1tb2Rlcm4gbWFudXNjcmlwdCBjb2xsZWN0aW9ucyBhdCB0aGUgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSBvZiBQ
ZW5uc3lsdmFuaWEgTGlicmFyaWVzLCBpbmNsdWRpbmcgdGhlIFNjaG9lbmJlcmcgQ29sbGVjdGlv
bi4mbmJzcDsgQWZmaWxpYXRlZCB3aXRoIHRoZSBVbml2ZXJzaXR5IG9mIFBlbm5zeWx2YW5pYSwg
bG9jYXRlZCBuZWFyIG90aGVyIG1hbnVzY3JpcHQtcmljaCByZXNlYXJjaCBjb2xsZWN0aW9ucyAo
dGhlIFVuaXZlcnNpdHkgb2YgUGVubnN5bHZhbmlhIE11c2V1bSBvZiBBcmNoYWVvbG9neSBhbmQg
QW50aHJvcG9sb2d5LCB0aGUgRnJlZSBMaWJyYXJ5IG9mIFBoaWxhZGVscGhpYSwgdGhlIENoZW1p
Y2FsIEhlcml0YWdlIEZvdW5kYXRpb24sIGFuZCB0aGUgUm9zZW5iYWNoIE11c2V1bSBhbmQgTGli
cmFyeSwgYW1vbmcgbWFueSBvdGhlcnMpLCBhbmQgbGlua2VkIHRvIHRoZSBsb2NhbCBhbmQgaW50
ZXJuYXRpb25hbCBzY2hvbGFybHkgY29tbXVuaXRpZXMsIFNJTVMgb2ZmZXJzIGZlbGxvd3MgYSBu
ZXR3b3JrIG9mIHJlc291cmNlcyBhbmQgb3Bwb3J0dW5pdGllcyBmb3IgY29sbGFib3JhdGlvbi4g
RmVsbG93cyB3aWxsIGJlIGVuY291cmFnZWQgdG8gaW50ZXJhY3Qgd2l0aCBTSU1TIHN0YWZmLCBQ
ZW5uIGZhY3VsdHksIGFuZCBvdGhlciBtZWRpZXZhbCBhbmQgZWFybHkgbW9kZXJuIHNjaG9sYXJz
IGluIHRoZSBQaGlsYWRlbHBoaWEgYXJlYS4gRmVsbG93cyB3aWxsIGFsc28gYmUgZXhwZWN0ZWQg
dG8gcHJlc2VudCB0aGVpciByZXNlYXJjaCBhdCBQZW5uIExpYnJhcmllcyBlaXRoZXIgZHVyaW5n
IHRoZSB0ZXJtIG9mIHRoZSBmZWxsb3dzaGlwIG9yIG9uIGEgc2VsZWN0ZWQgZGF0ZSBmb2xsb3dp
bmcgdGhlIGNvbXBsZXRpb24gb2YgdGhlIHRlcm0uPG86cD48L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIGNs
YXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAw
MXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPjxv
OnA+Jm5ic3A7PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBjbGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwgc3R5bGU9J21hcmdp
bi1ib3R0b206MGluO21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206LjAwMDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDpub3JtYWwnPjxz
cGFuIHN0eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6MTIuMHB0Jz5BcHBsaWNhbnRzIGNhbiBhcHBseSB0byBzcGVu
ZCAxLCAyLCBvciAzIG1vbnRocyBhdCBTSU1TLiBQcm9qZWN0IHByb3Bvc2FscyBzaG91bGQgZGVt
b25zdHJhdGUgdGhhdCB0aGUgTGlicmFyaWVzJiM4MjE3OyBwcmUtbW9kZXJuIG1hbnVzY3JpcHQg
cmVzb3VyY2VzIGFyZSBpbnRlZ3JhbCB0byBwcm9wb3NlZCByZXNlYXJjaCB0b3BpY3MuIFJlY2lw
aWVudHMgd2lsbCBiZSBleHBlY3RlZCB0byB3b3JrIG9uLXNpdGUgYXQgUGVubiBMaWJyYXJpZXMg
Zm9yIHRoZSBkdXJhdGlvbiBvZiB0aGVpciBmZWxsb3dzaGlwLCBleGNsdWRpbmcgcG9zc2libGUg
c2hvcnQgcmVzZWFyY2ggdHJpcHMgaW4gc3VwcG9ydCBvZiB0aGUgcHJvcG9zZWQgcHJvamVjdCB0
byBuZWFyYnkgaW5zdGl0dXRpb25zLiBQcm9wb3NhbHMgd2l0aCBhIGRpZ2l0YWwgY29tcG9uZW50
IGFyZSBlbmNvdXJhZ2VkIHRob3VnaCBub3QgcmVxdWlyZWQuIEEgdG90YWwgb2YgJDE1LDAwMCBw
ZXIgeWVhciB3aWxsIGJlIGRpdmlkZWQgYW1vbmcgdXAgdG8gMyBmZWxsb3dzIGluIGluY3JlbWVu
dHMgb2YgJDUsMDAwIHBlciBtb250aC4gQXdhcmRzIG11c3QgYmUgdXNlZCBiZXR3ZWVuIEp1bHkg
MSwgMjAxNSwgYW5kIEp1bmUgMzAsIDIwMTYuPG86cD48L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNz
PU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0
O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPjxvOnA+
Jm5ic3A7PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBjbGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwgc3R5bGU9J21hcmdpbi1i
b3R0b206MGluO21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206LjAwMDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDpub3JtYWwnPjxzcGFu
IHN0eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6MTIuMHB0Jz5BcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgYXJlIGR1ZSBNYXkgMTUsIDIw
MTUuIEZvciBtb3JlIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIG9uIGVsaWdpYmlsaXR5IGFuZCB0aGUgYXBwbGljYXRp
b24gcHJvY2VzcywgZ28gdG86IDxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly9zY2hvZW5iZXJnaW5zdGl0dXRlLm9y
Zy92aXNpdGluZy1yZXNlYXJjaC1mZWxsb3dzaGlwcyI+aHR0cDovL3NjaG9lbmJlcmdpbnN0aXR1
dGUub3JnL3Zpc2l0aW5nLXJlc2VhcmNoLWZlbGxvd3NoaXBzPC9hPi48bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwvc3Bh
bj48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJnaW4t
Ym90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXpl
OjEyLjBwdCc+PG86cD4mbmJzcDs8L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBz
dHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0
Om5vcm1hbCc+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQnPkZvciBtb3JlIGluZm9ybWF0
aW9uIG9uIFNJTVMsIGdvIHRvIDwvc3Bhbj48YSBocmVmPSJodHRwOi8vc2Nob2VuYmVyZ2luc3Rp
dHV0ZS5vcmcvIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjBwdCc+aHR0cDovL3NjaG9lbmJl
cmdpbnN0aXR1dGUub3JnLzwvc3Bhbj48L2E+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi4wcHQn
Pi4gRm9yIG1vcmUgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gb24gdGhlIFNjaG9lbmJlcmcgQ29sbGVjdGlvbiBvZiBN
YW51c2NyaXB0cywgZ28gdG8gPGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDovL3NjZXRpLmxpYnJhcnkudXBlbm4uZWR1
L3NjaG9lbmJlcmciPmh0dHA6Ly9zY2V0aS5saWJyYXJ5LnVwZW5uLmVkdS9zY2hvZW5iZXJnPC9h
Pi4gT24gUGVubiYjODIxNztzIHByZS1tb2Rlcm4gbWFudXNjcmlwdCBob2xkaW5ncyBpbiBnZW5l
cmFsLCBnbyB0bzo8c3BhbiBjbGFzcz1Nc29IeXBlcmxpbms+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2NvbG9yOndp
bmRvd3RleHQnPiA8L3NwYW4+PC9zcGFuPjxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly9kbGEubGlicmFyeS51cGVu
bi5lZHUvZGxhL21lZHJlbiI+aHR0cDovL2RsYS5saWJyYXJ5LnVwZW5uLmVkdS9kbGEvbWVkcmVu
PC9hPjxzcGFuIGNsYXNzPU1zb0h5cGVybGluaz4uPC9zcGFuPjwvc3Bhbj48c3BhbiBjbGFzcz1N
c29IeXBlcmxpbms+PG86cD48L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbD48bzpw
PiZuYnNwOzwvbzpwPjwvcD48cCBjbGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwgc3R5bGU9J21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206
MGluO21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206LjAwMDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDpub3JtYWwnPjxpPjxzcGFuIHN0
eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6OS4wcHQnPioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKjxvOnA+PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFu
PjwvaT48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJn
aW4tYm90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48aT48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9u
dC1zaXplOjEwLjBwdCc+THlubiBSYW5zb20sIFBoLkQuPG86cD48L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9pPjwv
cD48cCBjbGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwgc3R5bGU9J21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MGluO21hcmdpbi1ib3R0
b206LjAwMDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDpub3JtYWwnPjxpPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6
MTAuMHB0Jz5DdXJhdG9yLCBTY2hvZW5iZXJnIEluc3RpdHV0ZSBmb3IgTWFudXNjcmlwdCBTdHVk
aWVzIFByb2dyYW1zPG86cD48L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9pPjwvcD48cCBjbGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwg
c3R5bGU9J21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MGluO21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206LjAwMDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdo
dDpub3JtYWwnPjxpPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6MTAuMHB0Jz48YSBocmVmPSJodHRw
Oi8vc2Nob2VuYmVyZ2luc3RpdHV0ZS5vcmcvIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nY29sb3I6Ymx1ZSc+aHR0
cDovL3NjaG9lbmJlcmdpbnN0aXR1dGUub3JnLzwvc3Bhbj48L2E+PC9zcGFuPjwvaT48aT48c3Bh
biBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEwLjBwdCc+PG86cD48L286cD48L3NwYW4+PC9pPjwvcD48cCBj
bGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwgc3R5bGU9J21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MGluO21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206LjAw
MDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDpub3JtYWwnPjxpPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSdmb250LXNpemU6MTAuMHB0
Jz5Qcm9qZWN0IERpcmVjdG9yLCBUaGUgTmV3IFNjaG9lbmJlcmcgRGF0YWJhc2Ugb2YgTWFudXNj
cmlwdHM8bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwvc3Bhbj48L2k+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0n
bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1h
bCc+PGk+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZTo5LjBwdDtmb250LWZhbWlseToiQ2FtYnJpYSIs
InNlcmlmIic+PGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDovL2RsYS5saWJyYXJ5LnVwZW5uLmVkdS9kbGEvc2Nob2Vu
YmVyZyI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2NvbG9yOmJsdWUnPmh0dHA6Ly9kbGEubGlicmFyeS51cGVubi5l
ZHUvZGxhL3NjaG9lbmJlcmc8L3NwYW4+PC9hPjxvOnA+PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFuPjwvaT48L3A+PHAg
Y2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOi4w
MDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48aT48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEwLjBw
dCc+VGhlIFVuaXZlcnNpdHkgb2YgUGVubnN5bHZhbmlhIExpYnJhcmllcyA8bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwv
c3Bhbj48L2k+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47
bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PGk+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9
J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMC4wcHQnPjM0MjAgV2FsbnV0IFN0cmVldCA8bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwvc3Bhbj48
L2k+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2lu
LWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PGk+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQt
c2l6ZToxMC4wcHQnPlBoaWxhZGVscGhpYSwgUEEgMTkxMDQtNjIwNjxvOnA+PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFu
PjwvaT48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJn
aW4tYm90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48aT48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9u
dC1zaXplOjEwLjBwdCc+PGEgaHJlZj0ibWFpbHRvOmxyYW5zb21AdXBlbm4uZWR1Ij5scmFuc29t
QHVwZW5uLmVkdTwvYT48bzpwPjwvbzpwPjwvc3Bhbj48L2k+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1h
bCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVp
Z2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PGk+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMC4wcHQnPjIxNS44OTguNzg1
MTxvOnA+PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFuPjwvaT48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0eWxlPSdtYXJn
aW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48
aT48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0nZm9udC1zaXplOjEwLjBwdCc+PG86cD4mbmJzcDs8L286cD48L3NwYW4+
PC9pPjwvcD48cCBjbGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWwgc3R5bGU9J21hcmdpbi1ib3R0b206MGluO21hcmdp
bi1ib3R0b206LjAwMDFwdDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDpub3JtYWwnPjxpPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSdmb250
LXNpemU6MTAuMHB0Jz48bzpwPiZuYnNwOzwvbzpwPjwvc3Bhbj48L2k+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1z
b05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xp
bmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PG86cD4mbmJzcDs8L286cD48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFs
PjxvOnA+Jm5ic3A7PC9vOnA+PC9wPjxwIGNsYXNzPU1zb05vcm1hbCBzdHlsZT0nbWFyZ2luLWJv
dHRvbTowaW47bWFyZ2luLWJvdHRvbTouMDAwMXB0O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0Om5vcm1hbCc+PGk+PHNw
YW4gc3R5bGU9J2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMC4wcHQnPjxvOnA+Jm5ic3A7PC9vOnA+PC9zcGFuPjwvaT48
L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsIHN0eWxlPSdtYXJnaW4tYm90dG9tOjBpbjttYXJnaW4tYm90
dG9tOi4wMDAxcHQ7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6bm9ybWFsJz48bzpwPiZuYnNwOzwvbzpwPjwvcD48cCBj
bGFzcz1Nc29Ob3JtYWw+PG86cD4mbmJzcDs8L286cD48L3A+PHAgY2xhc3M9TXNvTm9ybWFsPjxv
OnA+Jm5ic3A7PC9vOnA+PC9wPjwvZGl2PjwvYm9keT48L2h0bWw+

