Subject: [dm-l] Call for Nominations to DM Board tf-8?q?2015–17?
Digital Medievalist will be holding elections at the end of June 2015 for
four positions to its Executive Board. Board positions are for two year
terms and incumbents may be re-elected (for a maximum of three terms in a
row). Members of the Board are responsible for the overall direction of the
organisation and leading the Digital Medievalist’s many projects and
programmes. This is a working board, and so it would be expected that you
are willing and able to commit time to helping Digital Medievalist
undertake some of its activities: the Board is currently organised with a
Director, a Deputy Director, a Journal Editor-in-Chief, Journal Associate
Editors, Conference Representatives, Website and News Feed Admins DM-L
Admins, Facebook Admin, Infrastructure/Technical Support, Returning
Officers for Elections

For further information about the Executive and Digital Medievalist more
generally please see the DM website, particularly:

   - https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/
   - https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/board-roles/
   - https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/election-procedures/
   - https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/bylaws/

We are now seeking nominations (including self-nominations) for the annual
elections. In order to be eligible for election, candidates must be members
of Digital Medievalist (membership is conferred simply by subscription to
the organisation’s mailing list, dm-l) and have made some demonstrable
contribution either to the DM project (e.g. to the mailing list, or the
wiki, etc.), or generally to the field of digital medieval studies.

If you are interested in running for these positions or are able to
recommend a suitable candidate, please contact the returning officers,
Alberto Campagnolo (alberto.campagnolo [at] gmail.com) and Georg Vogeler
(georg.vogeler [at] uni-graz.at), who will treat your nomination or
enquiries in confidence. The nomination period will close at 23:59 UTC on
Sunday 7th June. Elections will be held by electronic ballot from Monday
15th June 2015, closing at 23:59 UTC on Saturday 30th June 2015.

Best wishes,

Alberto Campagnolo and Georg Vogeler


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