Subject: [dm-l] REMINDER: DiXiT Workshop CfP - The educational and social

*Apologies for cross posting*

Dear all,

this is a reminder that the deadline for submitting a proposal for the
DiXiT Workshop *The educational and social impact of Digital Scholarly
Editions* is fast approaching. More information below.



DiXiT workshop: Call for Proposals

The educational and social impact of Digital Scholarly Edition

Deadline: December 10, 2016

Digilab and DiXiT network (http://dixit.uni-koeln.de/) organize a one day
workshop on the educational application and social impact of digital
scholarly editions. The workshop will take place on *Tuesday, January 24,
2016*, in conjunction with the *AIUCD 2017 Conference *and the 3rd *EADH
Day *(aiucd2017.aiucd.it) at the Sapienza University of Roma.

Keynote speech by *Agiatis Benardou*, Senior Researcher at the Digital
Curation Unit, ATHENA R.C. and manager of Europeana Research: “’Signatures
of all things I am here to read’: Digital Research as Practice, Digital
Networks as Public Engagement”.

Invited talk by *Silvia Orlandi*, Associate Professor of Latin Epigraphy at
Sapienza University: “EAGLE dedicated services and their educational
potential”.

The goal of the workshop is to share experiences and foster theoretical
reflections about the impact of digital scholarly editing products and
methods, primarily in the educational context, but also in the more general
social context. The use of digital technologies in teaching prompts a
reflection on the added value of using these technologies and raises some
controversial questions. At the same time, digital research outcomes and
methods should not be considered as separate from the more general cultural
and social context. In this sense, digital scholarly editions can play a
relevant role in the public engagement of humanities scholarship. These
topics can be articulated in the following issues:

   -

   the digital editions in teaching philology and textual criticism
   -

   digital editions in disciplinary context
   -

   digital editions and their social impact
   -

   digital editions and academic publishing
   -

   digital editions and public humanities

The organizers solicit proposals for interventions in form of papers, small
tutorials session, round table and lightening talks. *Abstracts of max 500
words can be submitted* via the AIUCD 2017 ConfTool, available at
*http://www.conftool.net/aiucd2017/
<http://www.conftool.net/aiucd2017/>*. The official language of the
Workshop is English.

Submitters must create an account on the system and then use the specific
type of submission “DIXIT Workshop”. Notification of acceptance will be
communicated by December 20, 2016.

On behalf of the organising committee,

Elena Spadini
-- 
*huygens.knaw.nl/elena-spadini
<https://www.huygens.knaw.nl/elena-spadini/?lang>*


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