Subject: [dm-l] CFP: VOX MEDIA: Sound in Literature [Deadline Approaching]

MATLIT, 2017, vol. 5
VOX MEDIA: Sound in Literature
Editors: Osvaldo Manuel Silvestre (University of Coimbra)
Felipe Cussen (University of Santiago de Chile)

Call for Papers
The easiness by which the idea of literature translates into the idea of
text and the latter into “letters printed on paper” is probably to blame
for the one-sided version both common sense and critical belief constantly
show of the relation between readers and books: literature is something
that we read in silence. Better still, literature is a text that becomes a
book by means of an inscription process that becomes invisible itself,
since the materiality of the text is annulled as a result of what is being
transmitted by the former: ideas, meaning, in a word, contents.

And yet, there is no literature without a material inscription process
which turns each verbal sign into a thing belonging to the phenomenal
world, to be seen before being read and to be read in silence – or not. Or
else, in order to be spoken (another form of material inscription),
preceding and dispensing with the writing or coming immediately after it.
There are, it is well known, western and non-western literary narratives in
which Voice precedes writing. There are, also, some arguments supporting
this claim, although one might suspect a mild revisionist tone to some of
them. Nevertheless, this is not about searching for a privilege of the
Origin for the study of the sound dimension of literary phenomena, but
rather about admitting the relevance of such a field to a larger,
simultaneously modern and archaic, version of literature.

In the crossing of historical vanguards and changes in communication
technologies, literature has opened itself to the materialities of sound,
voice and performance. This process was accelerated and dramatized by both
mediation and technical reproduction up until the digital revolution, which
eventually led to the historical and technological specificity of the
post-digital state of affairs. The process further suffered the overlap of
massification, thus operating to a large extent on a scene of
“re-oralization”, although by then within the historical setting of a
“secondary orality”. From the more avant-garde to the more massified
environments, from Sound Poetry to the Spoken Word or Slam Poetry, without
overlooking the vast intermediary territory of “readings (or recitations)
of poetry”, it is safe to admit that the self-awareness that planet
literature has is also to encompass those ever-growing dimensions: phonetic
poetry, sound poetry, recordings of literary texts (either by its own
authors or other readers), setting of poems into music (especially in the
cases in which the voice is not turned into singing, thus sabotaging the
form of “song”), poetry and narrative live readings, spoken word, slam
poetry, rap.

MATLIT’s volume 5 is thus intent on exploring what we call literature as
VOX MEDIA: voice as a means for literature and the disturbances suffered by
the medium from the combined effect of performance and the technologies for
mediation, representation and reproduction. And also other instances, like
the tensions between the body and technology, audibility v. inaudibility of
text, sound and meaning, physical presence and/or absence of the authors,
and so forth. The goal is not only that of generating a catalogue or a
compendium of the contemporary effects of VOX MEDIA on the notion of
literature, but that of generating an archaeology for VOX MEDIA and for all
related phenomena repressed by their historical invisibility.

Submissions must be uploaded before *October 31, 2016*.
Prior to submission, authors have to register in the journal system:
http://iduc.uc.pt/index.php/matlit/login
Please see author guidelines: http://iduc.uc.pt/index.php/
matlit/about/submissions


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