Subject: [dm-l]  VOTE NOW - DM Elections

This is a friendly reminder for the DM Elections:

Voting for the DM board 2016-2018 OPENS NOW until THU 12 July 2016,
23:59 GMT.

To vote in the election you must be one of the subscribers to the
Digital Medievalist mailing list, <dm-l at uleth.ca> (Follow
<https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/mailing-list/> to join). To
vote, use the link and the voting token that have been sent to the email
address that you have used to register to DM.

Board positions are for two year terms and incumbents may be re-elected.
Members of the board are responsible for the overall direction of the
organisation and leading the Digital Medievalist's many projects and
programmes. This is a working board and candidates should be willing and
able to commit time to helping Digital Medievalist undertake some of its
activities (such as hands on copy-editing of its journal).

Information about Digital Medievalist is available at its website. See
especially:

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/board-roles/

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/election-procedures/

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/bylaws/

++++++++++++++++++

If you have not received your voting link and token, please, email the
returning officers directly at alexei.lavrentev [at] ens-lyon.fr or
emiliano.degli.innocenti [at] gmail.com.

++++++++++++++++++

2016-2018 CANDIDATES (in alphabetical order by surname):

- Alberto Campagnolo
- Franz Fischer
- Torsten Hiltmann
- Mike Kestemont
- Gene Lyman
- Lynn Ransom
- Georg Vogeler

++++++++++++++++++

CANDIDATE STATEMENTS

The following biographical candidate statements (in alphabetical order
by surname) are intended to help you decide for whom you may wish to
vote. There are 4 positions available and so you may cast a total of up
to 4 votes.

++++++++++++++++++

Alberto Campagnolo

Alberto Campagnolo trained as a book conservator (in Spoleto, Italy) and
has worked in that capacity in various institutions, e.g. London
Metropolitan Archives, St. Catherine?s Monastery (Egypt), and the
Vatican Library. He studied Conservation of Library Materials at Ca?
Foscari University Venice, and holds an MA in Digital Culture and
Technology from King?s College London. He pursued a PhD on an automated
visualization of historical bookbinding structures at the Ligatus
Research Centre (University of the Arts, London). He has been working on
Semantic Web applications to bookbinding descriptions as DH Research
Fellow at Ligatus and, currently, as DH MMW Fellow at the Herzog August
Library Wolfenb?ttel. From September 2016, he will be working as a
CLIR/DLF Postdoctoral Fellow in Data Curation for Medieval Studies at
the Library of Congress (Washington, DC). Alberto has served on the
Digital Medievalist board since 2014, first as Deputy Director, and as
Director since 2015.

*******************
Franz Fischer

Franz Fischer has been serving on the Digital Medievalist Executive
Board since 2014 and is editor-in-chief of the Digital Medievalist
Journal. He is coordinator and researcher at the Cologne Center for
eHumanities (CCeH), University of Cologne. He studied History, Latin and
Italian in Cologne and Rome and has been awarded a doctoral degree in
Medieval Latin for his digital edition of William of Auxerre?s treatise
on liturgy. From 2008-2011 he created a digital edition of Saint
Patrick?s Confessio at the Royal Irish Academy (RIA), Dublin. Franz
Fischer is currently coordinating the EU funded Marie Curie Initial
Training Network on Digital Scholarly Editions DiXiT. He is a founding
member of the Institute for Documentology and Scholarly Editing (IDE),
teaching at summer schools and publishing SIDE, a series on digital
editions, palaeography & codicology, and RIDE, a review journal on
digital editions and resources.

*******************
Torsten Hiltmann

Torsten Hiltmann studied History, Philosophy and Psychology at the
Technical University of Dresden and holds a PhD degree in Medieval
History from TU Dresden and the ?cole pratique des hautes ?tudes (EPHE)
in Paris (co-tutelle). He collaborated in several database and editorial
projects at the German Historical Institute Paris, before he changed to
the University of M?nster where he is now a Juniorprofessor for High and
Late Medieval History and Auxiliary sciences. He is specialised in
medieval manuscripts, courtly culture and visual communication. In his
current research project he explores medieval heraldic communication
from the perspective of cultural history. In the field of Digital
Humanities he focuses on the use of computational methods in auxiliary
sciences, with regard to textual as well as visual sources. He is
especially interested in semantic web technologies, digital editions and
NLP, as well as methodological reflections about DH, and is developing
and conducting several projects in these domains. Besides that he is
editor of the academic blog ?Heraldica nova?.

*******************
Mike Kestemont

I enjoy research in computational text and image analysis for the
Humanities, in particular for medieval European literature. Authorship
attribution and stylistics are my main areas of expertise: in
stylometry, we try to design intelligent algorithms which can
automatically identify the authors of anonymous texts through the
quantitative analysis of individual writing styles. I warmly recommend
the documentary about this topic and which we published in the public
domain: "Authorship and Stylometry: Hildegard of Bingen"
(vimeo.com/70881172). I am an assistant professor (department of
literature) at the University of Antwerp and regularly teach workshops
on Digital Text Analysis and Programming for the Humanities. Currently,
I am co-authoring a monograph on data science for humanists (with
Princeton UP) and co-editing a special supplement of Speculum on digital
medieval studies. I live in Brussels, code in Python
_redacted_@Mike_Kestemont).

*******************
Gene Lyman

After significant service as a senior university administrator in charge
of funds development and public outreach, Gene Lyman returned to his
first passion ? the scholarly study and promotion of medieval
literature. His Ph.D. thesis, University of Virginia, 2009, addressed
reconfiguring scholarly editions in digital environments with particular
emphasis on how findings in cognitive science can make these editions
more reliable and useful than their printed counterparts. Lyman received
his B.A. at Yale in the interdisciplinary major, History, the Arts, and
Letters. He has presented papers at conferences in North America and
Europe on subjects of special importance to digital editorial theory and
practice, late medieval scribal practices, Chaucer, and the development
of software for display and analysis of scholarly texts. He is currently
the Medieval Academy of America's Treasurer, Finance Committee Chair, a
Centennial Committee member, and ex officio member of its Executive
Committee. He created the Elwood Viewer for the Piers Plowman Electronic
Archive, where he also an editor. He is currently the Reviews Editor for
DM.

*******************
Lynn Ransom

Lynn Ransom is the Curator of Programs at the Schoenberg Institute for
Manuscripts Studies at the University of Pennsylvania Libraries. Since
2008, she has directed the Schoenberg Database for Manuscripts, which is
currently being redeveloped into an online, user-driven,
community-maintained tool for the study of the movement of manuscripts
across time and geography. She has also been the primary organizer for
the Annual Schoenberg Symposium on Manuscript Studies in the Digital Age
since 2008. Prior to coming to Penn, Dr. Ransom has held curatorial and
research positions at the Free Library of Philadelphia and the Walters
Art Museum in Baltimore and at the Index of Christian Art at Princeton
University. She received her PhD in Art History from the University of
Texas at Austin, specializing in 13th-century French manuscript
illumination in 2001. She has published on the role of imagery in
devotional practice from the 13th to the 16th century.

*******************
Georg Vogeler

I'm a trained medievalist with a specialisation in historical auxiliary
sciences. I did my PhD on late medieval tax administration records and
my habilitation on the use of the charters of Emperor Frederic II in
Italy. Meanwhile I got intreagued with digital methods, started the
Charters Encoding Initiative (http://www.cei.lmu.de), contributed to the
technical development of largest charter portal monasterium.net
(http://www.monasterium.net, http://github.com/icaruseu/mom-ca), became
member of the Institut f?r Dokumentologie und Editorik
(http://www.i-d-e.de) and engaged in other fields of digital methods in
medieval studies. Finally I ended up as chair for Digital Humanities at
the Centre for Information Modelling at Graz University and member of
the board of the digital medievalist. In the DM board I try to support
those in the front line from the background. If reelected this would not
change. But I would hope and try to put effort into, that the DM
community can broaden its self perception from people being subscribed
to a mailing list to enthusiasts of digital tools applied to medieval
studies who are engaged in lots of activities: social media, scholarly
publications, conferences, research projects.

Digital Medievalist --  http://www.digitalmedievalist.org/
Journal: http://www.digitalmedievalist.org/journal/
Journal Editors: editors _AT_ digitalmedievalist.org
News: https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/news/
Twitter: http://twitter.com/digitalmedieval
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gidI320313760
_redacted_(a)uleth.ca
Change list options: http://listserv.uleth.ca/mailman/listinfo/dm-l

---
Emiliano Degl'Innocenti
Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche
DARIAH-IT Communication Officer
Skype: emiliano.degli.innocenti
Mobile: +393334945358


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