Subject:

Greetings, all,

I'm writing to report that my Simmons School of Library and Information
Science students have just reconstructed part of Otto Ege's "Fifty
Original Leaves" portfolio, leaf no. 30 by uploading, cataloguing, and
sequencing 27 leaves from 27 collections in the Fragmentarium interface.
Here's the direct link to the reconstruction:
http://www.fragmentarium.unifr.ch/view/page/F-djs6

Fragmentarium is a new interface that allows for cataloguing of
individual leaves (for example,
http://www.fragmentarium.unifr.ch/overview/F-qux7) and creating an
online reconstruction. In particular, it allows users to create flexible
and editable IIIF-compliant reconstructions in a shared-canvas viewer.
It is truly extraordinary, and the possibilities are endless. The data
for each leaf and for the reconstructed object can (and will) be updated
and refined at any time, and additional leaves can be easily added. The
records for individual leaves, can be found by searching from the
Fragmentarium homepage, http://www.fragmentarium.unifr.ch/
As their final assignment, I assigned each student one example of "Fifty
Original Leaves" no. 30 (a lovely early fifteenth-century Book of Hours)
to catalogue in Fragmentarium. In addition to identifying the text on
each leaf, part of the cataloguing process includes creating a shared-
canvas sequence in which the two images are presented in the correct
order. Then we worked together to establish the original sequence of
leaves, assembling the individual canvases in Fragmentarium to create
the reconstruction, which has its own record. Once we had built the
reconstruction, one group of students looked at the totality of the
preserved liturgy to investigate Use (it's Paris). A different group of
students scoured the Schoenberg Database of Manuscripts and discovered
that this manuscript was likely C. L. Ricketts, Census no. 116. That
entry led us to two Quaritch catalogues (1905 and 1910), and the
Conway/Davis Directory pointed us to a 1939 Parke-Bernet sale. Once we
found the Quaritch and PB catalogues, the identification was confirmed.
The Quaritch, Ricketts, and PB descriptions can be clearly identified
with the reconstructed manuscript, not only by codicological features
but by the contents, which include enough unusual features to make the
identification certain. This identification would not be possible based
on the data provided by a single leaf. Only by reassembling the extant
leaves can we conduct research on the liturgy and provenance of the
original codex.
I'll be giving a paper on the project at the International Congress on
Medieval Studies at Western Michigan University next May. The whole
process was a very effective pedagogical tool with real results, and I
look forward to putting my class to work on a different reconstruction
every year. I am so grateful to Fragmentarium directors William Duba and
Christoph Fl√ºeler for facilitating the project, and to the holding
institutions for making their images available.
- Lisa

--
  Lisa Fagin Davis
  Executive Director
  Medieval Academy of America
  17 Dunster St., Suite 202
  Cambridge, Mass.  02138

  Phone: 617 491-1622
  Fax: 617 492-3303
_redacted_(a)TheMedievalAcademy.org



PCFET0NUWVBFIGh0bWw+CjxodG1sPgo8aGVhZD4KPHRpdGxlPjwvdGl0bGU+CjxzdHlsZSB0eXBl
PSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI+cC5Nc29Ob3JtYWwscC5Nc29Ob1NwYWNpbmd7bWFyZ2luOjB9PC9zdHlsZT4K
PC9oZWFkPgo8Ym9keT48ZGl2PkdyZWV0aW5ncywgYWxsLDxicj48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+PC9k
aXY+CjxkaXY+SSdtIHdyaXRpbmcgdG8gcmVwb3J0IHRoYXQgbXkgU2ltbW9ucyBTY2hvb2wgb2Yg
TGlicmFyeSBhbmQgSW5mb3JtYXRpb24gU2NpZW5jZSBzdHVkZW50cyBoYXZlIGp1c3QgcmVjb25z
dHJ1Y3RlZCBwYXJ0IG9mIE90dG8gRWdlJ3MgIkZpZnR5IE9yaWdpbmFsIExlYXZlcyIgcG9ydGZv
bGlvLCBsZWFmIG5vLiAzMCBieSB1cGxvYWRpbmcsIGNhdGFsb2d1aW5nLCBhbmQgc2VxdWVuY2lu
ZyAyNyBsZWF2ZXMgZnJvbSAyNyBjb2xsZWN0aW9ucyBpbiB0aGUgRnJhZ21lbnRhcml1bSBpbnRl
cmZhY2UuIEhlcmUncyB0aGUgZGlyZWN0IGxpbmsgdG8gdGhlIHJlY29uc3RydWN0aW9uOjxicj48
L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy5mcmFnbWVudGFy
aXVtLnVuaWZyLmNoL3ZpZXcvcGFnZS9GLWRqczYiPmh0dHA6Ly93d3cuZnJhZ21lbnRhcml1bS51
bmlmci5jaC92aWV3L3BhZ2UvRi1kanM2PC9hPjxicj48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+PC9kaXY+Cjxk
aXY+RnJhZ21lbnRhcml1bSBpcyBhIG5ldyBpbnRlcmZhY2UgdGhhdCBhbGxvd3MgZm9yIGNhdGFs
b2d1aW5nIG9mIGluZGl2aWR1YWwgbGVhdmVzIChmb3IgZXhhbXBsZSwgPGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDov
L3d3dy5mcmFnbWVudGFyaXVtLnVuaWZyLmNoL292ZXJ2aWV3L0YtcXV4NyI+aHR0cDovL3d3dy5m
cmFnbWVudGFyaXVtLnVuaWZyLmNoL292ZXJ2aWV3L0YtcXV4NzwvYT4pIGFuZCBjcmVhdGluZyBh
biBvbmxpbmUgcmVjb25zdHJ1Y3Rpb24uIEluIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIsIGl0IGFsbG93cyB1c2VycyB0
byBjcmVhdGUgZmxleGlibGUgYW5kIGVkaXRhYmxlIElJSUYtY29tcGxpYW50IHJlY29uc3RydWN0
aW9ucyBpbiBhIHNoYXJlZC1jYW52YXMgdmlld2VyLiBJdCBpcyB0cnVseSBleHRyYW9yZGluYXJ5
LCBhbmQgdGhlIHBvc3NpYmlsaXRpZXMgYXJlIGVuZGxlc3MuIFRoZSBkYXRhIGZvciBlYWNoIGxl
YWYgYW5kIGZvciB0aGUgcmVjb25zdHJ1Y3RlZCBvYmplY3QgY2FuIChhbmQgd2lsbCkgYmUgdXBk
YXRlZCBhbmQgcmVmaW5lZCBhdCBhbnkgdGltZSwgYW5kIGFkZGl0aW9uYWwgbGVhdmVzIGNhbiBi
ZSBlYXNpbHkgYWRkZWQuIFRoZSByZWNvcmRzIGZvciBpbmRpdmlkdWFsIGxlYXZlcywgY2FuIGJl
IGZvdW5kIGJ5IHNlYXJjaGluZyBmcm9tIHRoZSBGcmFnbWVudGFyaXVtIGhvbWVwYWdlLCA8YSBo
cmVmPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LmZyYWdtZW50YXJpdW0udW5pZnIuY2gvIj5odHRwOi8vd3d3LmZyYWdt
ZW50YXJpdW0udW5pZnIuY2gvPC9hPjxicj48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+QXMg
dGhlaXIgZmluYWwgYXNzaWdubWVudCwgSSBhc3NpZ25lZCBlYWNoIHN0dWRlbnQgb25lIGV4YW1w
bGUgb2YgIkZpZnR5IE9yaWdpbmFsIExlYXZlcyIgbm8uIDMwIChhIGxvdmVseSBlYXJseSBmaWZ0
ZWVudGgtY2VudHVyeSBCb29rIG9mIEhvdXJzKSB0byBjYXRhbG9ndWUgaW4gRnJhZ21lbnRhcml1
bS4gSW4gYWRkaXRpb24gdG8gaWRlbnRpZnlpbmcgdGhlIHRleHQgb24gZWFjaCBsZWFmLCBwYXJ0
IG9mIHRoZSBjYXRhbG9ndWluZyBwcm9jZXNzIGluY2x1ZGVzIGNyZWF0aW5nIGEgc2hhcmVkLWNh
bnZhcyBzZXF1ZW5jZSBpbiB3aGljaCB0aGUgdHdvIGltYWdlcyBhcmUgcHJlc2VudGVkIGluIHRo
ZSBjb3JyZWN0IG9yZGVyLiBUaGVuIHdlIHdvcmtlZCB0b2dldGhlciB0byBlc3RhYmxpc2ggdGhl
IG9yaWdpbmFsIHNlcXVlbmNlIG9mIGxlYXZlcywgYXNzZW1ibGluZyB0aGUgaW5kaXZpZHVhbCBj
YW52YXNlcyBpbiBGcmFnbWVudGFyaXVtIHRvIGNyZWF0ZSB0aGUgcmVjb25zdHJ1Y3Rpb24sIHdo
aWNoIGhhcyBpdHMgb3duIHJlY29yZC4gT25jZSB3ZSBoYWQgYnVpbHQgdGhlIHJlY29uc3RydWN0
aW9uLCBvbmUgZ3JvdXAgb2Ygc3R1ZGVudHMgbG9va2VkIGF0IHRoZSB0b3RhbGl0eSBvZiB0aGUg
cHJlc2VydmVkIGxpdHVyZ3kgdG8gaW52ZXN0aWdhdGUgVXNlIChpdCdzIFBhcmlzKS4gQSBkaWZm
ZXJlbnQgZ3JvdXAgb2Ygc3R1ZGVudHMgc2NvdXJlZCB0aGUgU2Nob2VuYmVyZyBEYXRhYmFzZSBv
ZiBNYW51c2NyaXB0cyBhbmQgZGlzY292ZXJlZCB0aGF0IHRoaXMgbWFudXNjcmlwdCB3YXMgbGlr
ZWx5IEMuIEwuIFJpY2tldHRzLCBDZW5zdXMgbm8uIDExNi4gVGhhdCBlbnRyeSBsZWQgdXMgdG8g
dHdvIFF1YXJpdGNoIGNhdGFsb2d1ZXMgKDE5MDUgYW5kIDE5MTApLCBhbmQgdGhlIENvbndheS9E
YXZpcyBEaXJlY3RvcnkgcG9pbnRlZCB1cyB0byBhIDE5MzkgUGFya2UtQmVybmV0IHNhbGUuIE9u
Y2Ugd2UgZm91bmQgdGhlIFF1YXJpdGNoIGFuZCBQQiBjYXRhbG9ndWVzLCB0aGUgaWRlbnRpZmlj
YXRpb24gd2FzIGNvbmZpcm1lZC48YnI+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PlRoZSBR
dWFyaXRjaCwgUmlja2V0dHMsIGFuZCBQQiBkZXNjcmlwdGlvbnMgY2FuIGJlIGNsZWFybHkgaWRl
bnRpZmllZCB3aXRoIHRoZSByZWNvbnN0cnVjdGVkIG1hbnVzY3JpcHQsIG5vdCBvbmx5IGJ5IGNv
ZGljb2xvZ2ljYWwgZmVhdHVyZXMgYnV0IGJ5IHRoZSBjb250ZW50cywgd2hpY2ggaW5jbHVkZSBl
bm91Z2ggdW51c3VhbCBmZWF0dXJlcyB0byBtYWtlIHRoZSBpZGVudGlmaWNhdGlvbiBjZXJ0YWlu
LiBUaGlzIGlkZW50aWZpY2F0aW9uIHdvdWxkIG5vdCBiZSBwb3NzaWJsZSBiYXNlZCBvbiB0aGUg
ZGF0YSBwcm92aWRlZCBieSBhIHNpbmdsZSBsZWFmLiBPbmx5IGJ5IHJlYXNzZW1ibGluZyB0aGUg
ZXh0YW50IGxlYXZlcyBjYW4gd2UgY29uZHVjdCByZXNlYXJjaCBvbiB0aGUgbGl0dXJneSBhbmQg
cHJvdmVuYW5jZSBvZiB0aGUgb3JpZ2luYWwgY29kZXguPGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pjxicj48L2Rp
dj4KPGRpdj5JJ2xsIGJlIGdpdmluZyBhIHBhcGVyIG9uIHRoZSBwcm9qZWN0IGF0IHRoZSBJbnRl
cm5hdGlvbmFsIENvbmdyZXNzIG9uIE1lZGlldmFsIFN0dWRpZXMgYXQgV2VzdGVybiBNaWNoaWdh
biBVbml2ZXJzaXR5IG5leHQgTWF5LiBUaGUgd2hvbGUgcHJvY2VzcyB3YXMgYSB2ZXJ5IGVmZmVj
dGl2ZSBwZWRhZ29naWNhbCB0b29sIHdpdGggcmVhbCByZXN1bHRzLCBhbmQgSSBsb29rIGZvcndh
cmQgdG8gcHV0dGluZyBteSBjbGFzcyB0byB3b3JrIG9uIGEgZGlmZmVyZW50IHJlY29uc3RydWN0
aW9uIGV2ZXJ5IHllYXIuIEkgYW0gc28gZ3JhdGVmdWwgdG8gRnJhZ21lbnRhcml1bSBkaXJlY3Rv
cnMgV2lsbGlhbSBEdWJhIGFuZCBDaHJpc3RvcGggRmzDvGVsZXIgZm9yIGZhY2lsaXRhdGluZyB0
aGUgcHJvamVjdCwgYW5kIHRvIHRoZSBob2xkaW5nIGluc3RpdHV0aW9ucyBmb3IgbWFraW5nIHRo
ZWlyIGltYWdlcyBhdmFpbGFibGUuPGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pjxicj48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj4tIExp
c2E8YnI+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+PGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2Pi0tPGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PiZuYnNw
OyBMaXNhIEZhZ2luIERhdmlzPGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PiZuYnNwOyBFeGVjdXRpdmUgRGlyZWN0
b3I8YnI+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+Jm5ic3A7IE1lZGlldmFsIEFjYWRlbXkgb2YgQW1lcmljYTxicj48
L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj4mbmJzcDsgMTcgRHVuc3RlciBTdC4sIFN1aXRlIDIwMjxicj48L2Rpdj4KPGRp
dj4mbmJzcDsgQ2FtYnJpZGdlLCBNYXNzLiZuYnNwOyAwMjEzODxicj48L2Rpdj4KPGRpdj48YnI+
PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+Jm5ic3A7IFBob25lOiA2MTcgNDkxLTE2MjI8YnI+PC9kaXY+CjxkaXY+Jm5i
c3A7IEZheDogNjE3IDQ5Mi0zMzAzPGJyPjwvZGl2Pgo8ZGl2PiZuYnNwOyBFbWFpbDogTEZEQFRo
ZU1lZGlldmFsQWNhZGVteS5vcmc8YnI+PC9kaXY+CjwvYm9keT4KPC9odG1sPgo
