Subject: [dm-l] Reminder: Global Digital Humanities Symposium 2018, Call for

*Global Digital Humanities Symposium at Michigan State University*

*March 22-23, 2018*

*We are committed to bringing a wide-ranging and diverse group of
participants and presenters for our conference. To further this end, there
will be funds available to assist or offset the costs of travel. There is
an option to request consideration for travel funds in the proposal form.
_redacted_(a)msu.edu>.*

*Call for Proposals* Deadline to submit a proposal: Friday, December 15,
11:59pm EST

msuglobaldh.org

Digital Humanities at Michigan State University is proud to extend its
symposium series on Global DH into its third year. Digital humanities
scholarship continues to be driven by work at the intersections of a range
of distinct disciplines and an ethical commitment to preserve and broaden
access to cultural materials. The most engaged global DH scholarship, that
which MSU champions
<http://cplong.org/2016/10/critical-diversity-in-a-digital-age/>, values
digital tools that enhance the capacity of scholarly critique to reflect a
broad range of literary, historical, new media, and cultural positions, and
diverse ways of valuing cultural production and knowledge work.
Particularly valuable are strategies in which the digital form manifests a
critical perspective on the digital content and the position of the
researcher to their material.

With the growth of the digital humanities, particularly in under-resourced
and underrepresented areas, a number of complex issues surface, including,
among others, questions of ownership, cultural theft, virtual exploitation,
digital rights, endangered data <http://endangereddataweek.org/>, and the
digital divide. We view the 2018 symposium as an opportunity to broaden the
conversation about these issues. Scholarship that works across borders with
foci on transnational partnerships and globally accessible data is
especially welcome.

Michigan State University has been intentionally global
<http://www.isp.msu.edu/about/about-isp/> for more than 60 years, with over
1,400 faculty involved in international research, teaching, and service.
For the past 20 years, MSU has developed a strong research area in
culturally engaged, global digital humanities. Matrix
<http://www2.matrix.msu.edu/>, a digital humanities and social science
center at MSU, has done dozens of digital projects in West and Southern
Africa
<http://www2.matrix.msu.edu/portfolio_categories/africa-related-projects/>
that have focused on ethical and reciprocal relationships and capacity
building. WIDE <http://wide.msu.edu> has set best practices for doing
community engaged, international, archival work with the Samaritan
Collections, Archive 2.0
<http://www2.matrix.msu.edu/portfolio-item/samaritan-archive-2-0/>. Today
many scholars in the humanities at MSU are engaged in digital projects
relating to global, indigenous, and/or underrepresented groups and topics.

This symposium, which will include a mixture of presentation types,
welcomes 300-word proposals related to any of these issues, and
particularly on the following themes and topics by *Friday, December 15,
11:59pm EST:*

   - Critical cultural studies and analytics
   - Cultural heritage in a range of contexts
   - DH as socially engaged humanities and/or as a social movement
   - Open data, open access, and data preservation as resistance,
   especially in a postcolonial context
   - DH responses to crisis
   - How identity categories, and their intersections, shape digital
   humanities work
   - Global research dialogues and collaborations
   - Indigeneity – anywhere in the world – and the digital
   - Digital humanities, postcolonialism, and neocolonialism
   - Global digital pedagogies
   - Borders, migration, and/or diaspora and their connection to the digital
   - Digital and global languages and literatures
   - The state of global digital humanities community
   - Digital humanities, the environment, and climate change
   - Innovative and emergent technologies across institutions, languages,
   and economies
   - Scholarly communication and knowledge production in a global context

*Presentation Formats:*

   - 3-5-minute lightning talk
   - 15-minute presentation
   - 90-minute workshop
   - 90-minute panel

*Proposal form*: http://www.msuglobaldh.org/submit-a-proposal/

Kristen Mapes
Digital Humanities Coordinator
College of Arts and Letters
Michigan State University
kristenmapes.com
_redacted_(a)msu.edu
_redacted_(a)gmail.com


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