Subject: [dm-l] Digital Editing and Medieval Manuscripts

Dear colleagues,

We are delighted to invite you to attend our workshop: "Digital Editing and
Medieval Manuscripts" . It will take place on the 3rd July 2017 at Ca'
Foscari, University of Venice.

Details and contact information are provided here:
http://biflow.hypotheses.org/

Apologies for cross-posting

Kind regards,

Tiziana Mancinelli
On behalf of the organising committee



*Digital Editing and Medieval Manuscripts*

“Digital Editing and Medieval Manuscripts” è un ciclo di tre workshop che
saranno realizzati dall'Università Ca’ Foscari Venezia, in collaborazione
con il CCeH (Cologne Centre for eHumanities) nel corso dell'anno 2017, con
un primo appuntamento già calendarizzato nell'ambito del Seminario "Lingue,
saperi e conflitti nell'Italia medievale 2 (2017)" del progetto ERC StG
BIFLOW in data 3 luglio 2017. L’obiettivo attraverso queste giornate è
quello di affrontare gli aspetti euristici più rilevanti nella
realizzazione di un’edizione digitale scientifica in ambito medievale. Sono
previste tre giornate nelle quali verranno affrontate metodologie,
strumenti e le più recenti tecnologie impiegate in paleografia e
codicologia, in ambito filologico si affronterà la rappresentazione
dell’apparato critico e, più in generale, di critica testuale. /

“Digital Editing and Medieval Manuscripts” is a series of three workshops
organised by Ca' Foscari, University of Venice together with the University
of Cologne - CCeH (Cologne Centre for eHumanities) - within the ERC StG
Project BIFLOW seminar programme: "Lingue, saperi e conflitti nell'Italia
medievale 2 (2017)". It aims to explore the role of digital technologies in
the field of medieval studies and to provide insights into current
methodologies and digital tools in scholarly editing. These three workshops
will introduce participants to current approaches for editing medieval
manuscripts in a digital framework. During the workshops the following
topics will be covered: palaeography; codicology; as well as practices and
theories of digital editing, including critical apparatus, multilingualism
and text-image linking.

I: Digital Manuscripts

3 luglio 2017 ore 9:30 - 18:00 Università Ca' Foscari Venezia, Dipartimento
di Studi Umanistici, Palazzo Malcanton Marcorà , Sala Consiglio ("Sala
Grande")

9.30 – 10.00 Welcome Antonio Montefusco, Università Ca' Foscari Venezia

10.00 – 10.30 Franz Fischer, CCeH - Cologne Centre fo eHumanities

"Editing Medieval Texts: Theories, Practices, and Challenges in the Digital
Age"

10.30 – 11.00 Paolo Monella, Università di Palermo

"Multi-layer textual representation of pre-modern primary sources"

11.00-11.30 Coffee break

11.30 – 12.00 Marjorie Burghart, CNRS - Centre National de la Recherche
Scientifique

"Tools and Software for Editing Medieval Texts"

12.00 – 12.30 Discussion

12.30 – 14.00 Lunch Break

14.00 – 18.00 Workshop

Alberto Campagnolo, CLIR/Library of Congress, (video conference)

"Towards a digitization of the materiality of documents"

Tiziana Mancinelli CCeH (Cologne centre of eHumanities) - Università Ca'
Foscari Venezia



Comitato scientifico: Antonio Montefusco, Tiziana Mancinelli

Comitato organizzatore: Sara Bischetti, Maria Conte, con la gentile
collaborazione di Stefano Pezzé, Giulia Zava.

Ciclo di workshop organizzato nell’ambito del progetto BIFLOW

Bilingualism in Florentine and Tuscan Works (ca. 1260 - ca. 1416)

This project has received funding from the European Research Council (ERC)
under the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme
(grant agreement No 637533).


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