Subject: [dm-l] Voting for the DM board 2017-2019 OPENS NOW until Sunday 6th

Voting for the DM board 2017-2019 OPENS NOW until Sunday 6th August 2017,
23:59 GMT.

To vote, use the link and the voting token that have been sent to the email
address that you have used to register to DM.

Board positions are for two year terms and incumbents may be re-elected.
Members of the board are responsible for the overall direction of the
organisation and leading the Digital Medievalist's many projects and
programmes. This is a working board and candidates should be willing and
able to commit time to helping Digital Medievalist undertake some of its
activities (such as hands on copy-editing of its journal).

Information about Digital Medievalist is available at its website. See
especially:

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/board-roles/

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/election-procedures/

https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/about/bylaws/

++++++++++++++++++

If you have not received your voting link and token, please, email the
returning officers directly at alberto.campagnolo [at] gmail.com or
 lransom [at] upenn.edu  or dominique.stutzmann[AT]irht.cnrs.fr

++++++++++++++++++

2017-2019 CANDIDATES (in alphabetical order by surname):

ROMAN BLEIER, University of Graz

JEAN-BAPTISTE CAMPS, PSL Research University

ELS DE PAERMENTIER, Ghent University –Standing for re-election–

ROBERTO DEL MONTE, NUME International Research Group

LISA FAGIN DAVIS, Medieval Academy of America

GRETA FRANZINI, University of Goettingen –Standing for re-election–

ERIN SEBO, Flinders University

ENGIN CIHAD TEKEN, Hacettepe University Technopolis

HEATHER WACHA, University of Wisconsin, Madison [more]

++++++++++++++++++

CANDIDATE STATEMENTS

The following biographical candidate statements (in alphabetical order by
surname) are intended to help you decide for whom you may wish to vote.
There are 4 positions available and so you may cast a total of up to 4
votes.

++++++++++++++++++

ROMAN BLEIER

Roman Bleier studied History and Religious studies at the University of
Graz and completed a Ph.D. in Digital Arts and Humanities (DAH) at Trinity
College, Dublin, with a research focus on digital documentary editing of St
Patrick’s epistles. He worked on the Saint Patrick’s Confessio HyperText
Stack project at the Royal Irish Academy, was CENDARI Visiting Research
Fellow at King’s College London and worked as a researcher on various
projects at Maynooth University. In spring 2016, Roman became a DiXiT Marie
Curie postdoc fellow at the Center for Information Modelling – Austrian
Centre for Digital Humanities (ZIM-ACDH) at the University of Graz. His
research in Graz focused on canonical reference, sustainability and
persistent identifiers in digital editions. Currently, Roman works as a
postdoc with the KONDE (Competency Network Digital Edition) project at the
ZIM-ACDH, he is a member of the Institut für Dokumentologie und Editorik
(IDE) and technical editor of the Versioning Machine (VM).

JEAN BAPTISTE CAMPS

I started my training in digital medieval scholarship with an MA in
`Digital Technologies applied to History’ at the École des chartes in
2006-2008, with a thesis on the quantitative study of Troubadour
Manuscripts. After working as a library curator, I did my PhD (Univ.
Paris-Sorbonne) on the edition of the `Chanson d’Otinel’, with the aim to
develop models to closely integrate ecdotics with digital methods
(modelling, statistics, algorithmics and artificial intelligence), both for
data production and analysis.

I have been the course leader of the Master’s degree `Digital Technologies
applied to History’ (2013-2017), and now supervise the new ‘Digital
Humanities and Research’ (PSL Research University) Master’s programme. I
teach Digital Scholarly Editing, XSLT and Quantitative Philology. My main
research interests are in digital philology, text and data mining
(stylometry, stemmatology, quantitative palaeography and codicology) and
ecdotics for Old French and Old Occitan texts and manuscripts.

LISA FAGIN DAVIS

Lisa Fagin Davis (Medieval Studies PhD, Yale University, 1993) has been
Executive Director of the Medieval Academy of America since 2013.
Previously, she spent twenty years cataloguing pre-1600 manuscript
collections across the US and has been involved in the development of
metadata standards for manuscript cataloguing. She serves on the Advisory
Committees for Digital Scriptorium, the Schoenberg Institute of Manuscript
Studies, and Fragmentarium, and is deeply engaged in using and promoting
both Mirador and IIIF. Publications include: the Beinecke Library Catalogue
of Medieval and Renaissance Manuscripts, Vol. IV; The Gottschalk
Antiphonary; the Directory of Pre-1600 Manuscripts in the United States and
Canada (with Melissa Conway); numerous articles in the fields of manuscript
studies and codicology; La Chronique Anonyme Universelle: Reading and
Writing History in fifteenth-century France (a critical edition that
includes a digital resource developed in collaboration with the Digital
Mappaemundi project); and the Manuscript Road Trip blog. She regularly
teaches an introduction to manuscript studies at the Simmons Graduate
School of Library and Information Science.

GRETA FRANZINI –STANDS FOR RE-ELECTION–

Greta Franzini is a Classicist by training and currently conducts
interdisciplinary research in Digital Classics, Digital Scholarly Editing
and Natural Language Processing. Greta works as an early career researcher
at the University of Goettingen for the Electronic Text Reuse Acquisition
project, and, together with the Austrian Centre for Digital Humanities,
jointly maintains the Catalogue of Digital Editions.

Greta has served on the Digital Medievalist Executive and Journal Boards
since 2015. In the past two years, Greta has modernised and maintained the
Digital Medievalist website; she has managed the Digital Medievalist
Facebook and Twitter accounts; she has helped secure reviews and has worked
as an Associate Editor for the Digital Medievalist Journal; and finally,
she has sought volunteers to help translate the Digital Medievalist
Wikipedia page into multiple languages in order to increase outreach. Greta
would like to continue working in this capacity and thus stands for
re-election.

ROBERTO DEL MONTE

I have a Master’s degree in History of Medieval Art, obtained in 2013 at
the University of Florence, Italy. For the past two years, I have been
leading the NUME International Research Group, developing a digital network
of scholars around the world, coordinating the organization of conferences
on medieval studies, the publication of specialist studies, the creation of
interdisciplinary events and digital projects (e.g. the 3D reconstruction
of some Italian churches hit by an earthquake in 2016). I have published
articles on History of Medieval Art in Italy and France, worked with
scientific journals and attended international conferences. I have
experience in networking management, editing and managing digital content:
I would like to run for the Journal Associate Editor, News Feed
Administrator or Facebook Administrator positions.

ELS DE PAERMENTIER –STANDS FOR RE-ELECTION–

Els De Paermentier is Assistant Professor in Medieval Diplomatics and
Palaeography at Ghent University (Belgium). In 2010 she completed her PhD
on the organisation of the comital chancery in the counties of Flanders and
Hainaut (1191-1244). For her research she elaborated a computer-aided
methodology to determine the editorial origin of charter texts. In 2012 she
received a COST Action grant for a short term scientific mission at the
Institut de Recherche et d’Histoire des Textes (IRHT) in Paris, where she
examined the interoperability possibilities between the Belgian and French
Latin source databases Diplomata Belgica and TELMA-databases (Traitement
Électronique des Manuscrits et des Archives). Shortly afterwards she became
a member of the COST Action Program IS1005: Medieval Europe – Medieval
Cultures and Technological Resources, and joined the working group for the
design of a virtual centre for medieval studies (VCMS) (2012-2015).
Currently, she is a member of the advisory board of the online charter
database Diplomata Belgica: The Diplomatic Sources from the Medieval
Southern Low Countries and of the steering committee of the Ghent Centre
for Digital Humanities (GhentCDH).

ERIN SEBO

Erin is a specialist on Anglo-Saxon heroic poetry and historical
linguistics. She has taught at Monash University (Melbourne), University
College Dublin, Trinity College Dublin and Queen’s University Belfast. She
is currently Lecturer in Anglo-Saxon Literature at Flinders University
(Adelaide). She is a collaborator with the Australian Research Council
Centre of Excellence for the study of the History of Emotion and winner of
the Faculty Prize for Excellence in Teaching. Her first monograph, In
Enigmate: the history of a riddle from 400-1500, is forthcoming from Four
Courts Press. After her PhD, she worked on two DH post-docs, The Psalms in
Trinity at the Old Library at Trinity College Dublin, and The Psalms In
Ireland Before 1600 based at Archbishop Marshes Library in Dublin.  The aim
of these projects was to provide context for the Faddan More Psalter (which
had recently been discovered) by cataloguing and digitizing pre-modern
psalmic material and providing a searchable database of psalmic marginalia.

ENGIN CIHAD TEKIN

Engin is working as academic advisor for a number of TUBİTAK’s (The
Scientific and Technologcal Research Council of Turkey) digitization and
Digital Humanitites projects. Previously, he has worked as an academic
advisor to the Executive Board of Hacettepe University Technopolis for
electronic documents and archival sources. He completed his PhD in Library
and Information Science. His studies focus on European and Ottoman book
history between 1450-1700. His dissertation discussed Ottoman Book Culture
from the perspective of European Travellers between 1453-1699 with 122
European travellers. Engin has also built and managed Turkey’s first
Digital Library Project ( pecya.com ) between 2006-2010. Pecya was funded
by Turkey’s scientific state funds and it has a full text search cloud
based library system with a digital copyright agreement of 220 foundations,
archives and publishers in Turkey, as well as 3.5 million pages of
copyrighted materials, manuscripts and rare books. Engin studies digital
humanities, search engine technologies and digital technologies for text
mining and new text technologies. He also focuses on rare books, Ottoman
manuscripts, as well as book history and prohibited books of Europe. He is
a member of the Islamic manuscript Association in Cambridge and he served
as the Turkish representative for the Azerbaijani Institute of Manuscripts
between 2010-2013. He is also working for his own Project- readment.com
Structured Digital library Project.

HEATHER WACHA

As a CLIR Postdoctoral Fellow in Data Curation for Medieval Studies, I
would be delighted to serve on the Digital Medievalist Executive Board. My
interest and passion for the digital humanities began while I was working
on my doctorate, when a GIS class showed me how to ask new research
questions of my 13th-century sources. I was also interested in
disseminating public history projects via digital media and decided to
create a set of educational videos about medieval manuscripts.  Since then
I have taken on the digital edition of a 13th-century cartulary from
northern France using TEI encoding, the editing of nine mappamundi in
Digital Maxima, a software environment developed by Martin Foys, professor
of English at the University of Wisconsin, and the use of social network
analysis for visualizing the relationships between mappamundi and their
textual sources. For medievalists, it is crucial we continue to recognize
the benefits of using digital technologies in our discipline and I see my
present and future careers helping myself and others put these technologies
into practice.

-- 
Alberto Campagnolo, PhD
CLIR <https://www.clir.org/> Postdoctoral Fellow in Data Curation for
Medieval Studies, Library of Congress
<http://www.loc.gov/preservation/about/rt/>
Digital Humanities & Archaeology of the book Researcher
*Digital Medievalist Director <https://digitalmedievalist.wordpress.com/>*

Mob. +1-202-766-9626 (USA)
Mob. +44 (0)7917 793185 (UK)
Mob. +39 347 11 67 355 (IT)
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/acampagnolo



PGRpdiBkaXI9Imx0ciI+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWln
aHQ6MS41ZW07Zm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+Vm90aW5nIGZvciB0aGUgRE0gYm9hcmQgMjAxNy0y
MDE5IE9QRU5TIE5PVyB1bnRpbCBTdW5kYXkgNnRoIEF1Z3VzdCAyMDE3LCAyMzo1OSBHTVQuPC9w
PjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQt
c2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPlRvIHZvdGUsIHVzZSB0aGUgbGluayBhbmQgdGhlIHZvdGluZyB0b2tlbiB0
aGF0IGhhdmUgYmVlbiBzZW50IHRvIHRoZSBlbWFpbCBhZGRyZXNzIHRoYXQgeW91IGhhdmUgdXNl
ZCB0byByZWdpc3RlciB0byBETS48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07
bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW07Zm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+Qm9hcmQgcG9zaXRpb25zIGFyZSBm
b3IgdHdvIHllYXIgdGVybXMgYW5kIGluY3VtYmVudHMgbWF5IGJlIHJlLWVsZWN0ZWQuIE1lbWJl
cnMgb2YgdGhlIGJvYXJkIGFyZSByZXNwb25zaWJsZSBmb3IgdGhlIG92ZXJhbGwgZGlyZWN0aW9u
IG9mIHRoZSBvcmdhbmlzYXRpb24gYW5kIGxlYWRpbmcgdGhlIERpZ2l0YWwgTWVkaWV2YWxpc3Qm
IzM5O3MgbWFueSBwcm9qZWN0cyBhbmQgcHJvZ3JhbW1lcy4gVGhpcyBpcyBhIHdvcmtpbmcgYm9h
cmQgYW5kIGNhbmRpZGF0ZXMgc2hvdWxkIGJlIHdpbGxpbmcgYW5kIGFibGUgdG8gY29tbWl0IHRp
bWUgdG8gaGVscGluZyBEaWdpdGFsIE1lZGlldmFsaXN0IHVuZGVydGFrZSBzb21lIG9mIGl0cyBh
Y3Rpdml0aWVzIChzdWNoIGFzIGhhbmRzIG9uIGNvcHktZWRpdGluZyBvZiBpdHMgam91cm5hbCku
PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2Zv
bnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkluZm9ybWF0aW9uIGFib3V0IERpZ2l0YWwgTWVkaWV2YWxpc3QgaXMg
YXZhaWxhYmxlIGF0IGl0cyB3ZWJzaXRlLiBTZWUgZXNwZWNpYWxseTo8L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1h
cmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW07Zm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+
PGEgcmVsPSJub2ZvbGxvdyIgY2xhc3M9Im1fLTkwODM1NTcyNDU5NjkzNDczMjhpbmJveC1pbmJv
eC1leHRlcm5hbCBtXy05MDgzNTU3MjQ1OTY5MzQ3MzI4aW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtZnJlZSIgaHJlZj0i
aHR0cHM6Ly9kaWdpdGFsbWVkaWV2YWxpc3Qud29yZHByZXNzLmNvbS9hYm91dC8iIHN0eWxlPSJ0
ZXh0LWRlY29yYXRpb24tbGluZTpub25lO2NvbG9yOnJnYigxMDIsNTEsMTAyKTtiYWNrZ3JvdW5k
LWNvbG9yOmluaXRpYWw7cGFkZGluZy1yaWdodDoxNXB4IiB0YXJnZXQ9Il9ibGFuayI+aHR0cHM6
Ly9kaWdpdGFsbWVkaWV2YWxpc3Qud29yZHByZXNzLmNvbS9hYm91dC88L2E+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxl
PSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43
cHgiPjxhIHJlbD0ibm9mb2xsb3ciIGNsYXNzPSJtXy05MDgzNTU3MjQ1OTY5MzQ3MzI4aW5ib3gt
aW5ib3gtZXh0ZXJuYWwgbV8tOTA4MzU1NzI0NTk2OTM0NzMyOGluYm94LWluYm94LWZyZWUiIGhy
ZWY9Imh0dHBzOi8vZGlnaXRhbG1lZGlldmFsaXN0LndvcmRwcmVzcy5jb20vYWJvdXQvYm9hcmQt
cm9sZXMvIiBzdHlsZT0idGV4dC1kZWNvcmF0aW9uLWxpbmU6bm9uZTtjb2xvcjpyZ2IoMTAyLDUx
LDEwMik7YmFja2dyb3VuZC1jb2xvcjppbml0aWFsO3BhZGRpbmctcmlnaHQ6MTVweCIgdGFyZ2V0
PSJfYmxhbmsiPmh0dHBzOi8vZGlnaXRhbG1lZGlldmFsaXN0LndvcmRwcmVzcy5jb20vYWJvdXQv
Ym9hcmQtcm9sZXMvPC9hPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5l
LWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij48YSByZWw9Im5vZm9sbG93IiBjbGFzcz0i
bV8tOTA4MzU1NzI0NTk2OTM0NzMyOGluYm94LWluYm94LWV4dGVybmFsIG1fLTkwODM1NTcyNDU5
NjkzNDczMjhpbmJveC1pbmJveC1mcmVlIiBocmVmPSJodHRwczovL2RpZ2l0YWxtZWRpZXZhbGlz
dC53b3JkcHJlc3MuY29tL2Fib3V0L2VsZWN0aW9uLXByb2NlZHVyZXMvIiBzdHlsZT0idGV4dC1k
ZWNvcmF0aW9uLWxpbmU6bm9uZTtjb2xvcjpyZ2IoMTAyLDUxLDEwMik7YmFja2dyb3VuZC1jb2xv
cjppbml0aWFsO3BhZGRpbmctcmlnaHQ6MTVweCIgdGFyZ2V0PSJfYmxhbmsiPmh0dHBzOi8vZGln
aXRhbG1lZGlldmFsaXN0LndvcmRwcmVzcy5jb20vYWJvdXQvZWxlY3Rpb24tcHJvY2VkdXJlcy88
L2E+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVt
O2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPjxhIHJlbD0ibm9mb2xsb3ciIGNsYXNzPSJtXy05MDgzNTU3MjQ1
OTY5MzQ3MzI4aW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtZXh0ZXJuYWwgbV8tOTA4MzU1NzI0NTk2OTM0NzMyOGluYm94
LWluYm94LWZyZWUiIGhyZWY9Imh0dHBzOi8vZGlnaXRhbG1lZGlldmFsaXN0LndvcmRwcmVzcy5j
b20vYWJvdXQvYnlsYXdzLyIgc3R5bGU9InRleHQtZGVjb3JhdGlvbi1saW5lOm5vbmU7Y29sb3I6
cmdiKDEwMiw1MSwxMDIpO2JhY2tncm91bmQtY29sb3I6aW5pdGlhbDtwYWRkaW5nLXJpZ2h0OjE1
cHgiIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5odHRwczovL2RpZ2l0YWxtZWRpZXZhbGlzdC53b3JkcHJlc3Mu
Y29tL2Fib3V0L2J5bGF3cy88L2E+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVt
O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPisrKysrKysrKysrKysrKysrKzwv
cD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNw
YW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPklmIHlvdSBoYXZlIG5vdCByZWNlaXZlZCB5b3Vy
IHZvdGluZyBsaW5rIGFuZCB0b2tlbiwgcGxlYXNlLCBlbWFpbCB0aGUgcmV0dXJuaW5nIG9mZmlj
ZXJzIGRpcmVjdGx5IGF0IGFsYmVydG8uY2FtcGFnbm9sbyBbYXRdIDxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly9n
bWFpbC5jb20iIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5nbWFpbC5jb208L2E+IG9yIMKgbHJhbnNvbSBbYXRd
wqA8YSBocmVmPSJodHRwOi8vdXBlbm4uZWR1IiB0YXJnZXQ9Il9ibGFuayI+dXBlbm4uZWR1PC9h
PiDCoDwvc3Bhbj5vcsKgZG9taW5pcXVlLnN0dXR6bWFubltBVF08YSBocmVmPSJodHRwOi8vaXJo
dC5jbnJzLmZyIiB0YXJnZXQ9Il9ibGFuayI+aXJodC5jbnJzLmZyPC9hPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0i
bWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4
Ij4rKysrKysrKysrKysrKysrKys8L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07
bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW07Zm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+MjAxNy0yMDE5IENBTkRJREFURVMg
KGluIGFscGhhYmV0aWNhbCBvcmRlciBieSBzdXJuYW1lKTo8L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjow
LjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW07Zm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+Uk9NQU4g
QkxFSUVSLCBVbml2ZXJzaXR5IG9mIEdyYXrCoDwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBw
eCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5KRUFOLUJBUFRJU1RF
IENBTVBTLCBQU0wgUmVzZWFyY2ggVW5pdmVyc2l0ecKgPC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40
ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkVMUyBERSBQ
QUVSTUVOVElFUiwgR2hlbnQgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSDigJNTdGFuZGluZyBmb3IgcmUtZWxlY3Rpb27i
gJPCoDwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVl
bTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5ST0JFUlRPIERFTCBNT05URSwgTlVNRSBJbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFs
IFJlc2VhcmNoIEdyb3VwPC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUt
aGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkxJU0EgRkFHSU4gREFWSVMsIE1lZGlldmFs
IEFjYWRlbXkgb2YgQW1lcmljYTwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTts
aW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5HUkVUQSBGUkFOWklOSSwgVW5pdmVy
c2l0eSBvZiBHb2V0dGluZ2VuIOKAk1N0YW5kaW5nIGZvciByZS1lbGVjdGlvbuKAk8KgPC9wPjxw
IHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6
ZToxMi43cHgiPkVSSU4gU0VCTywgRmxpbmRlcnMgVW5pdmVyc2l0eTwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFy
Z2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5F
TkdJTiBDSUhBRCBURUtFTiwgSGFjZXR0ZXBlIFVuaXZlcnNpdHkgVGVjaG5vcG9saXM8L3A+PHAg
c3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW07Zm9udC1zaXpl
OjEyLjdweCI+SEVBVEhFUiBXQUNIQSwgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSBvZiBXaXNjb25zaW4sIE1hZGlzb24g
W21vcmVdPC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEu
NWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPisrKysrKysrKysrKysrKysrKzwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFy
Z2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5D
QU5ESURBVEUgU1RBVEVNRU5UUzwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTts
aW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbTtmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5UaGUgZm9sbG93aW5nIGJpb2dyYXBo
aWNhbCBjYW5kaWRhdGUgc3RhdGVtZW50cyAoaW4gYWxwaGFiZXRpY2FsIG9yZGVyIGJ5IHN1cm5h
bWUpIGFyZSBpbnRlbmRlZCB0byBoZWxwIHlvdSBkZWNpZGUgZm9yIHdob20geW91IG1heSB3aXNo
IHRvIHZvdGUuIFRoZXJlIGFyZSA0IHBvc2l0aW9ucyBhdmFpbGFibGUgYW5kIHNvIHlvdSBtYXkg
Y2FzdCBhIHRvdGFsIG9mIHVwIHRvIDQgdm90ZXMuPC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0g
MHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPisrKysrKysrKysr
KysrKysrKzwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDox
LjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPlJPTUFOIEJMRUlFUjwvc3Bhbj48
L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW0iPjxz
cGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5Sb21hbiBCbGVpZXIgc3R1ZGllZCBIaXN0b3J5
IGFuZCBSZWxpZ2lvdXMgc3R1ZGllcyBhdCB0aGUgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSBvZiBHcmF6IGFuZCBjb21w
bGV0ZWQgYSBQaC5ELiBpbiBEaWdpdGFsIEFydHMgYW5kIEh1bWFuaXRpZXMgKERBSCkgYXQgVHJp
bml0eSBDb2xsZWdlLCBEdWJsaW4sIHdpdGggYSByZXNlYXJjaCBmb2N1cyBvbiBkaWdpdGFsIGRv
Y3VtZW50YXJ5IGVkaXRpbmcgb2YgU3QgUGF0cmlja+KAmXMgZXBpc3RsZXMuIEhlIHdvcmtlZCBv
biB0aGUgU2FpbnQgUGF0cmlja+KAmXMgQ29uZmVzc2lvIEh5cGVyVGV4dCBTdGFjayBwcm9qZWN0
IGF0IHRoZSBSb3lhbCBJcmlzaCBBY2FkZW15LCB3YXMgQ0VOREFSSSBWaXNpdGluZyBSZXNlYXJj
aCBGZWxsb3cgYXQgS2luZ+KAmXMgQ29sbGVnZSBMb25kb24gYW5kIHdvcmtlZCBhcyBhIHJlc2Vh
cmNoZXIgb24gdmFyaW91cyBwcm9qZWN0cyBhdCBNYXlub290aCBVbml2ZXJzaXR5LiBJbiBzcHJp
bmcgMjAxNiwgUm9tYW4gYmVjYW1lIGEgRGlYaVQgTWFyaWUgQ3VyaWUgcG9zdGRvYyBmZWxsb3cg
YXQgdGhlIENlbnRlciBmb3IgSW5mb3JtYXRpb24gTW9kZWxsaW5nIOKAkyBBdXN0cmlhbiBDZW50
cmUgZm9yIERpZ2l0YWwgSHVtYW5pdGllcyAoWklNLUFDREgpIGF0IHRoZSBVbml2ZXJzaXR5IG9m
IEdyYXouIEhpcyByZXNlYXJjaCBpbiBHcmF6IGZvY3VzZWQgb24gY2Fub25pY2FsIHJlZmVyZW5j
ZSwgc3VzdGFpbmFiaWxpdHkgYW5kIHBlcnNpc3RlbnQgaWRlbnRpZmllcnMgaW4gZGlnaXRhbCBl
ZGl0aW9ucy4gQ3VycmVudGx5LCBSb21hbiB3b3JrcyBhcyBhIHBvc3Rkb2Mgd2l0aCB0aGUgS09O
REUgKENvbXBldGVuY3kgTmV0d29yayBEaWdpdGFsIEVkaXRpb24pIHByb2plY3QgYXQgdGhlIFpJ
TS1BQ0RILCBoZSBpcyBhIG1lbWJlciBvZiB0aGUgSW5zdGl0dXQgZsO8ciBEb2t1bWVudG9sb2dp
ZSB1bmQgRWRpdG9yaWsgKElERSkgYW5kIHRlY2huaWNhbCBlZGl0b3Igb2YgdGhlIFZlcnNpb25p
bmcgTWFjaGluZSAoVk0pLjwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41
ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW0iPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij48YnI+
PC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDox
LjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkpFQU4gQkFQVElTVEUgQ0FNUFM8
L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEu
NWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+SSBzdGFydGVkIG15IHRyYWluaW5n
IGluIGRpZ2l0YWwgbWVkaWV2YWwgc2Nob2xhcnNoaXAgd2l0aCBhbiBNQSBpbiBgRGlnaXRhbCBU
ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMgYXBwbGllZCB0byBIaXN0b3J54oCZIGF0IHRoZSDDiWNvbGUgZGVzIGNoYXJ0
ZXMgaW4gMjAwNi0yMDA4LCB3aXRoIGEgdGhlc2lzIG9uIHRoZSBxdWFudGl0YXRpdmUgc3R1ZHkg
b2YgVHJvdWJhZG91ciBNYW51c2NyaXB0cy4gQWZ0ZXIgd29ya2luZyBhcyBhIGxpYnJhcnkgY3Vy
YXRvciwgSSBkaWQgbXkgUGhEIChVbml2LiBQYXJpcy1Tb3Jib25uZSkgb24gdGhlIGVkaXRpb24g
b2YgdGhlIGBDaGFuc29uIGTigJlPdGluZWzigJksIHdpdGggdGhlIGFpbSB0byBkZXZlbG9wIG1v
ZGVscyB0byBjbG9zZWx5IGludGVncmF0ZSBlY2RvdGljcyB3aXRoIGRpZ2l0YWwgbWV0aG9kcyAo
bW9kZWxsaW5nLCBzdGF0aXN0aWNzLCBhbGdvcml0aG1pY3MgYW5kIGFydGlmaWNpYWwgaW50ZWxs
aWdlbmNlKSwgYm90aCBmb3IgZGF0YSBwcm9kdWN0aW9uIGFuZCBhbmFseXNpcy48L3NwYW4+PC9w
PjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3Bh
biBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+SSBoYXZlIGJlZW4gdGhlIGNvdXJzZSBsZWFkZXIg
b2YgdGhlIE1hc3RlcuKAmXMgZGVncmVlIGBEaWdpdGFsIFRlY2hub2xvZ2llcyBhcHBsaWVkIHRv
IEhpc3RvcnnigJkgKDIwMTMtMjAxNyksIGFuZCBub3cgc3VwZXJ2aXNlIHRoZSBuZXcg4oCYRGln
aXRhbCBIdW1hbml0aWVzIGFuZCBSZXNlYXJjaOKAmSAoUFNMIFJlc2VhcmNoIFVuaXZlcnNpdHkp
IE1hc3RlcuKAmXMgcHJvZ3JhbW1lLiBJIHRlYWNoIERpZ2l0YWwgU2Nob2xhcmx5IEVkaXRpbmcs
IFhTTFQgYW5kIFF1YW50aXRhdGl2ZSBQaGlsb2xvZ3kuIE15IG1haW4gcmVzZWFyY2ggaW50ZXJl
c3RzIGFyZSBpbiBkaWdpdGFsIHBoaWxvbG9neSwgdGV4dCBhbmQgZGF0YSBtaW5pbmcgKHN0eWxv
bWV0cnksIHN0ZW1tYXRvbG9neSwgcXVhbnRpdGF0aXZlIHBhbGFlb2dyYXBoeSBhbmQgY29kaWNv
bG9neSkgYW5kIGVjZG90aWNzIGZvciBPbGQgRnJlbmNoIGFuZCBPbGQgT2NjaXRhbiB0ZXh0cyBh
bmQgbWFudXNjcmlwdHMuPC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVl
bTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPjxicj48
L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEu
NWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+TElTQSBGQUdJTiBEQVZJUzwvc3Bh
bj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW0i
PjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5MaXNhIEZhZ2luIERhdmlzIChNZWRpZXZh
bCBTdHVkaWVzIFBoRCwgWWFsZSBVbml2ZXJzaXR5LCAxOTkzKSBoYXMgYmVlbiBFeGVjdXRpdmUg
RGlyZWN0b3Igb2YgdGhlIE1lZGlldmFsIEFjYWRlbXkgb2YgQW1lcmljYSBzaW5jZSAyMDEzLiBQ
cmV2aW91c2x5LCBzaGUgc3BlbnQgdHdlbnR5IHllYXJzIGNhdGFsb2d1aW5nIHByZS0xNjAwIG1h
bnVzY3JpcHQgY29sbGVjdGlvbnMgYWNyb3NzIHRoZSBVUyBhbmQgaGFzIGJlZW4gaW52b2x2ZWQg
aW4gdGhlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IG9mIG1ldGFkYXRhIHN0YW5kYXJkcyBmb3IgbWFudXNjcmlwdCBj
YXRhbG9ndWluZy4gU2hlIHNlcnZlcyBvbiB0aGUgQWR2aXNvcnkgQ29tbWl0dGVlcyBmb3IgRGln
aXRhbCBTY3JpcHRvcml1bSwgdGhlIFNjaG9lbmJlcmcgSW5zdGl0dXRlIG9mIE1hbnVzY3JpcHQg
U3R1ZGllcywgYW5kIEZyYWdtZW50YXJpdW0sIGFuZCBpcyBkZWVwbHkgZW5nYWdlZCBpbiB1c2lu
ZyBhbmQgcHJvbW90aW5nIGJvdGggTWlyYWRvciBhbmQgSUlJRi4gUHVibGljYXRpb25zIGluY2x1
ZGU6IHRoZSBCZWluZWNrZSBMaWJyYXJ5IENhdGFsb2d1ZSBvZiBNZWRpZXZhbCBhbmQgUmVuYWlz
c2FuY2UgTWFudXNjcmlwdHMsIFZvbC4gSVY7IFRoZSBHb3R0c2NoYWxrIEFudGlwaG9uYXJ5OyB0
aGUgRGlyZWN0b3J5IG9mIFByZS0xNjAwIE1hbnVzY3JpcHRzIGluIHRoZSBVbml0ZWQgU3RhdGVz
IGFuZCBDYW5hZGEgKHdpdGggTWVsaXNzYSBDb253YXkpOyBudW1lcm91cyBhcnRpY2xlcyBpbiB0
aGUgZmllbGRzIG9mIG1hbnVzY3JpcHQgc3R1ZGllcyBhbmQgY29kaWNvbG9neTsgTGEgQ2hyb25p
cXVlIEFub255bWUgVW5pdmVyc2VsbGU6IFJlYWRpbmcgYW5kIFdyaXRpbmcgSGlzdG9yeSBpbiBm
aWZ0ZWVudGgtY2VudHVyeSBGcmFuY2UgKGEgY3JpdGljYWwgZWRpdGlvbiB0aGF0IGluY2x1ZGVz
IGEgZGlnaXRhbCByZXNvdXJjZSBkZXZlbG9wZWQgaW4gY29sbGFib3JhdGlvbiB3aXRoIHRoZSBE
aWdpdGFsIE1hcHBhZW11bmRpIHByb2plY3QpOyBhbmQgdGhlIE1hbnVzY3JpcHQgUm9hZCBUcmlw
IGJsb2cuIFNoZSByZWd1bGFybHkgdGVhY2hlcyBhbiBpbnRyb2R1Y3Rpb24gdG8gbWFudXNjcmlw
dCBzdHVkaWVzIGF0IHRoZSBTaW1tb25zIEdyYWR1YXRlIFNjaG9vbCBvZiBMaWJyYXJ5IGFuZCBJ
bmZvcm1hdGlvbiBTY2llbmNlLjwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHgg
MC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW0iPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij48
YnI+PC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdo
dDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkdSRVRBIEZSQU5aSU5JIOKA
k1NUQU5EUyBGT1IgUkUtRUxFQ1RJT07igJM8L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40
ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEy
LjdweCI+R3JldGEgRnJhbnppbmkgaXMgYSBDbGFzc2ljaXN0IGJ5IHRyYWluaW5nIGFuZCBjdXJy
ZW50bHkgY29uZHVjdHMgaW50ZXJkaXNjaXBsaW5hcnkgcmVzZWFyY2ggaW4gRGlnaXRhbCBDbGFz
c2ljcywgRGlnaXRhbCBTY2hvbGFybHkgRWRpdGluZyBhbmQgTmF0dXJhbCBMYW5ndWFnZSBQcm9j
ZXNzaW5nLiBHcmV0YSB3b3JrcyBhcyBhbiBlYXJseSBjYXJlZXIgcmVzZWFyY2hlciBhdCB0aGUg
VW5pdmVyc2l0eSBvZiBHb2V0dGluZ2VuIGZvciB0aGUgRWxlY3Ryb25pYyBUZXh0IFJldXNlIEFj
cXVpc2l0aW9uIHByb2plY3QsIGFuZCwgdG9nZXRoZXIgd2l0aCB0aGUgQXVzdHJpYW4gQ2VudHJl
IGZvciBEaWdpdGFsIEh1bWFuaXRpZXMsIGpvaW50bHkgbWFpbnRhaW5zIHRoZSBDYXRhbG9ndWUg
b2YgRGlnaXRhbCBFZGl0aW9ucy48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4
IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+
R3JldGEgaGFzIHNlcnZlZCBvbiB0aGUgRGlnaXRhbCBNZWRpZXZhbGlzdCBFeGVjdXRpdmUgYW5k
IEpvdXJuYWwgQm9hcmRzIHNpbmNlIDIwMTUuIEluIHRoZSBwYXN0IHR3byB5ZWFycywgR3JldGEg
aGFzIG1vZGVybmlzZWQgYW5kIG1haW50YWluZWQgdGhlIERpZ2l0YWwgTWVkaWV2YWxpc3Qgd2Vi
c2l0ZTsgc2hlIGhhcyBtYW5hZ2VkIHRoZSBEaWdpdGFsIE1lZGlldmFsaXN0IEZhY2Vib29rIGFu
ZCBUd2l0dGVyIGFjY291bnRzOyBzaGUgaGFzIGhlbHBlZCBzZWN1cmUgcmV2aWV3cyBhbmQgaGFz
IHdvcmtlZCBhcyBhbiBBc3NvY2lhdGUgRWRpdG9yIGZvciB0aGUgRGlnaXRhbCBNZWRpZXZhbGlz
dCBKb3VybmFsOyBhbmQgZmluYWxseSwgc2hlIGhhcyBzb3VnaHQgdm9sdW50ZWVycyB0byBoZWxw
IHRyYW5zbGF0ZSB0aGUgRGlnaXRhbCBNZWRpZXZhbGlzdCBXaWtpcGVkaWEgcGFnZSBpbnRvIG11
bHRpcGxlIGxhbmd1YWdlcyBpbiBvcmRlciB0byBpbmNyZWFzZSBvdXRyZWFjaC4gR3JldGEgd291
bGQgbGlrZSB0byBjb250aW51ZSB3b3JraW5nIGluIHRoaXMgY2FwYWNpdHkgYW5kIHRodXMgc3Rh
bmRzIGZvciByZS1lbGVjdGlvbi48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4
IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+
PGJyPjwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWln
aHQ6MS41ZW0iPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5ST0JFUlRPIERFTCBNT05U
RTwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6
MS41ZW0iPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5JIGhhdmUgYSBNYXN0ZXLigJlz
IGRlZ3JlZSBpbiBIaXN0b3J5IG9mIE1lZGlldmFsIEFydCwgb2J0YWluZWQgaW4gMjAxMyBhdCB0
aGUgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSBvZiBGbG9yZW5jZSwgSXRhbHkuIEZvciB0aGUgcGFzdCB0d28geWVhcnMs
IEkgaGF2ZSBiZWVuIGxlYWRpbmcgdGhlIE5VTUUgSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbCBSZXNlYXJjaCBHcm91
cCwgZGV2ZWxvcGluZyBhIGRpZ2l0YWwgbmV0d29yayBvZiBzY2hvbGFycyBhcm91bmQgdGhlIHdv
cmxkLCBjb29yZGluYXRpbmcgdGhlIG9yZ2FuaXphdGlvbiBvZiBjb25mZXJlbmNlcyBvbiBtZWRp
ZXZhbCBzdHVkaWVzLCB0aGUgcHVibGljYXRpb24gb2Ygc3BlY2lhbGlzdCBzdHVkaWVzLCB0aGUg
Y3JlYXRpb24gb2YgaW50ZXJkaXNjaXBsaW5hcnkgZXZlbnRzIGFuZCBkaWdpdGFsIHByb2plY3Rz
IChlLmcuIHRoZSAzRCByZWNvbnN0cnVjdGlvbiBvZiBzb21lIEl0YWxpYW4gY2h1cmNoZXMgaGl0
IGJ5IGFuIGVhcnRocXVha2UgaW4gMjAxNikuIEkgaGF2ZSBwdWJsaXNoZWQgYXJ0aWNsZXMgb24g
SGlzdG9yeSBvZiBNZWRpZXZhbCBBcnQgaW4gSXRhbHkgYW5kIEZyYW5jZSwgd29ya2VkIHdpdGgg
c2NpZW50aWZpYyBqb3VybmFscyBhbmQgYXR0ZW5kZWQgaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbCBjb25mZXJlbmNl
cy4gSSBoYXZlIGV4cGVyaWVuY2UgaW4gbmV0d29ya2luZyBtYW5hZ2VtZW50LCBlZGl0aW5nIGFu
ZCBtYW5hZ2luZyBkaWdpdGFsIGNvbnRlbnQ6IEkgd291bGQgbGlrZSB0byBydW4gZm9yIHRoZSBK
b3VybmFsIEFzc29jaWF0ZSBFZGl0b3IsIE5ld3MgRmVlZCBBZG1pbmlzdHJhdG9yIG9yIEZhY2Vi
b29rIEFkbWluaXN0cmF0b3IgcG9zaXRpb25zLjwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjow
LjRlbSAwcHggMC41ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW0iPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6
MTIuN3B4Ij48YnI+PC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTts
aW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkVMUyBERSBQ
QUVSTUVOVElFUiDigJNTVEFORFMgRk9SIFJFLUVMRUNUSU9O4oCTPC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHls
ZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9
ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkVscyBEZSBQYWVybWVudGllciBpcyBBc3Npc3RhbnQgUHJvZmVz
c29yIGluIE1lZGlldmFsIERpcGxvbWF0aWNzIGFuZCBQYWxhZW9ncmFwaHkgYXQgR2hlbnQgVW5p
dmVyc2l0eSAoQmVsZ2l1bSkuIEluIDIwMTAgc2hlIGNvbXBsZXRlZCBoZXIgUGhEIG9uIHRoZSBv
cmdhbmlzYXRpb24gb2YgdGhlIGNvbWl0YWwgY2hhbmNlcnkgaW4gdGhlIGNvdW50aWVzIG9mIEZs
YW5kZXJzIGFuZCBIYWluYXV0ICgxMTkxLTEyNDQpLiBGb3IgaGVyIHJlc2VhcmNoIHNoZSBlbGFi
b3JhdGVkIGEgY29tcHV0ZXItYWlkZWQgbWV0aG9kb2xvZ3kgdG8gZGV0ZXJtaW5lIHRoZSBlZGl0
b3JpYWwgb3JpZ2luIG9mIGNoYXJ0ZXIgdGV4dHMuIEluIDIwMTIgc2hlIHJlY2VpdmVkIGEgQ09T
VCBBY3Rpb24gZ3JhbnQgZm9yIGEgc2hvcnQgdGVybSBzY2llbnRpZmljIG1pc3Npb24gYXQgdGhl
IEluc3RpdHV0IGRlIFJlY2hlcmNoZSBldCBk4oCZSGlzdG9pcmUgZGVzIFRleHRlcyAoSVJIVCkg
aW4gUGFyaXMsIHdoZXJlIHNoZSBleGFtaW5lZCB0aGUgaW50ZXJvcGVyYWJpbGl0eSBwb3NzaWJp
bGl0aWVzIGJldHdlZW4gdGhlIEJlbGdpYW4gYW5kIEZyZW5jaCBMYXRpbiBzb3VyY2UgZGF0YWJh
c2VzIERpcGxvbWF0YSBCZWxnaWNhIGFuZCBURUxNQS1kYXRhYmFzZXMgKFRyYWl0ZW1lbnQgw4ls
ZWN0cm9uaXF1ZSBkZXMgTWFudXNjcml0cyBldCBkZXMgQXJjaGl2ZXMpLiBTaG9ydGx5IGFmdGVy
d2FyZHMgc2hlIGJlY2FtZSBhIG1lbWJlciBvZiB0aGUgQ09TVCBBY3Rpb24gUHJvZ3JhbSBJUzEw
MDU6IE1lZGlldmFsIEV1cm9wZSDigJMgTWVkaWV2YWwgQ3VsdHVyZXMgYW5kIFRlY2hub2xvZ2lj
YWwgUmVzb3VyY2VzLCBhbmQgam9pbmVkIHRoZSB3b3JraW5nIGdyb3VwIGZvciB0aGUgZGVzaWdu
IG9mIGEgdmlydHVhbCBjZW50cmUgZm9yIG1lZGlldmFsIHN0dWRpZXMgKFZDTVMpICgyMDEyLTIw
MTUpLiBDdXJyZW50bHksIHNoZSBpcyBhIG1lbWJlciBvZiB0aGUgYWR2aXNvcnkgYm9hcmQgb2Yg
dGhlIG9ubGluZSBjaGFydGVyIGRhdGFiYXNlIERpcGxvbWF0YSBCZWxnaWNhOiBUaGUgRGlwbG9t
YXRpYyBTb3VyY2VzIGZyb20gdGhlIE1lZGlldmFsIFNvdXRoZXJuIExvdyBDb3VudHJpZXMgYW5k
IG9mIHRoZSBzdGVlcmluZyBjb21taXR0ZWUgb2YgdGhlIEdoZW50IENlbnRyZSBmb3IgRGlnaXRh
bCBIdW1hbml0aWVzIChHaGVudENESCkuPC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVt
IDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43
cHgiPjxicj48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUt
aGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+RVJJTiBTRUJPPC9z
cGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVl
bSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPkVyaW4gaXMgYSBzcGVjaWFsaXN0IG9u
IEFuZ2xvLVNheG9uIGhlcm9pYyBwb2V0cnkgYW5kIGhpc3RvcmljYWwgbGluZ3Vpc3RpY3MuIFNo
ZSBoYXMgdGF1Z2h0IGF0IE1vbmFzaCBVbml2ZXJzaXR5IChNZWxib3VybmUpLCBVbml2ZXJzaXR5
IENvbGxlZ2UgRHVibGluLCBUcmluaXR5IENvbGxlZ2UgRHVibGluIGFuZCBRdWVlbuKAmXMgVW5p
dmVyc2l0eSBCZWxmYXN0LiBTaGUgaXMgY3VycmVudGx5IExlY3R1cmVyIGluIEFuZ2xvLVNheG9u
IExpdGVyYXR1cmUgYXQgRmxpbmRlcnMgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSAoQWRlbGFpZGUpLiBTaGUgaXMgYSBj
b2xsYWJvcmF0b3Igd2l0aCB0aGUgQXVzdHJhbGlhbiBSZXNlYXJjaCBDb3VuY2lsIENlbnRyZSBv
ZiBFeGNlbGxlbmNlIGZvciB0aGUgc3R1ZHkgb2YgdGhlIEhpc3Rvcnkgb2YgRW1vdGlvbiBhbmQg
d2lubmVyIG9mIHRoZSBGYWN1bHR5IFByaXplIGZvciBFeGNlbGxlbmNlIGluIFRlYWNoaW5nLiBI
ZXIgZmlyc3QgbW9ub2dyYXBoLCBJbiBFbmlnbWF0ZTogdGhlIGhpc3Rvcnkgb2YgYSByaWRkbGUg
ZnJvbSA0MDAtMTUwMCwgaXMgZm9ydGhjb21pbmcgZnJvbSBGb3VyIENvdXJ0cyBQcmVzcy4gQWZ0
ZXIgaGVyIFBoRCwgc2hlIHdvcmtlZCBvbiB0d28gREggcG9zdC1kb2NzLCBUaGUgUHNhbG1zIGlu
IFRyaW5pdHkgYXQgdGhlIE9sZCBMaWJyYXJ5IGF0IFRyaW5pdHkgQ29sbGVnZSBEdWJsaW4sIGFu
ZCBUaGUgUHNhbG1zIEluIElyZWxhbmQgQmVmb3JlIDE2MDAgYmFzZWQgYXQgQXJjaGJpc2hvcCBN
YXJzaGVzIExpYnJhcnkgaW4gRHVibGluLsKgIFRoZSBhaW0gb2YgdGhlc2UgcHJvamVjdHMgd2Fz
IHRvIHByb3ZpZGUgY29udGV4dCBmb3IgdGhlIEZhZGRhbiBNb3JlIFBzYWx0ZXIgKHdoaWNoIGhh
ZCByZWNlbnRseSBiZWVuIGRpc2NvdmVyZWQpIGJ5IGNhdGFsb2d1aW5nIGFuZCBkaWdpdGl6aW5n
IHByZS1tb2Rlcm4gcHNhbG1pYyBtYXRlcmlhbCBhbmQgcHJvdmlkaW5nIGEgc2VhcmNoYWJsZSBk
YXRhYmFzZSBvZiBwc2FsbWljIG1hcmdpbmFsaWEuPC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHlsZT0ibWFyZ2lu
OjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9ImZvbnQtc2l6
ZToxMi43cHgiPjxicj48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVt
O2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+RU5HSU4g
Q0lIQUQgVEVLSU48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0gMHB4IDAuNWVtO2xp
bmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdweCI+RW5naW4gaXMg
d29ya2luZyBhcyBhY2FkZW1pYyBhZHZpc29yIGZvciBhIG51bWJlciBvZiBUVULEsFRBS+KAmXMg
KFRoZSBTY2llbnRpZmljIGFuZCBUZWNobm9sb2djYWwgUmVzZWFyY2ggQ291bmNpbCBvZiBUdXJr
ZXkpIGRpZ2l0aXphdGlvbiBhbmQgRGlnaXRhbCBIdW1hbml0aXRlcyBwcm9qZWN0cy4gUHJldmlv
dXNseSwgaGUgaGFzIHdvcmtlZCBhcyBhbiBhY2FkZW1pYyBhZHZpc29yIHRvIHRoZSBFeGVjdXRp
dmUgQm9hcmQgb2YgSGFjZXR0ZXBlIFVuaXZlcnNpdHkgVGVjaG5vcG9saXMgZm9yIGVsZWN0cm9u
aWMgZG9jdW1lbnRzIGFuZCBhcmNoaXZhbCBzb3VyY2VzLiBIZSBjb21wbGV0ZWQgaGlzIFBoRCBp
biBMaWJyYXJ5IGFuZCBJbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBTY2llbmNlLiBIaXMgc3R1ZGllcyBmb2N1cyBvbiBF
dXJvcGVhbiBhbmQgT3R0b21hbiBib29rIGhpc3RvcnkgYmV0d2VlbiAxNDUwLTE3MDAuIEhpcyBk
aXNzZXJ0YXRpb24gZGlzY3Vzc2VkIE90dG9tYW4gQm9vayBDdWx0dXJlIGZyb20gdGhlIHBlcnNw
ZWN0aXZlIG9mIEV1cm9wZWFuIFRyYXZlbGxlcnMgYmV0d2VlbiAxNDUzLTE2OTkgd2l0aCAxMjIg
RXVyb3BlYW4gdHJhdmVsbGVycy4gRW5naW4gaGFzIGFsc28gYnVpbHQgYW5kIG1hbmFnZWQgVHVy
a2V54oCZcyBmaXJzdCBEaWdpdGFsIExpYnJhcnkgUHJvamVjdCAoIDxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly9w
ZWN5YS5jb20iIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5wZWN5YS5jb208L2E+ICkgYmV0d2VlbiAyMDA2LTIw
MTAuIFBlY3lhIHdhcyBmdW5kZWQgYnkgVHVya2V54oCZcyBzY2llbnRpZmljIHN0YXRlIGZ1bmRz
IGFuZCBpdCBoYXMgYSBmdWxsIHRleHQgc2VhcmNoIGNsb3VkIGJhc2VkIGxpYnJhcnkgc3lzdGVt
IHdpdGggYSBkaWdpdGFsIGNvcHlyaWdodCBhZ3JlZW1lbnQgb2YgMjIwIGZvdW5kYXRpb25zLCBh
cmNoaXZlcyBhbmQgcHVibGlzaGVycyBpbiBUdXJrZXksIGFzIHdlbGwgYXMgMy41IG1pbGxpb24g
cGFnZXMgb2YgY29weXJpZ2h0ZWQgbWF0ZXJpYWxzLCBtYW51c2NyaXB0cyBhbmQgcmFyZSBib29r
cy4gRW5naW4gc3R1ZGllcyBkaWdpdGFsIGh1bWFuaXRpZXMsIHNlYXJjaCBlbmdpbmUgdGVjaG5v
bG9naWVzIGFuZCBkaWdpdGFsIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcyBmb3IgdGV4dCBtaW5pbmcgYW5kIG5ldyB0
ZXh0IHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy4gSGUgYWxzbyBmb2N1c2VzIG9uIHJhcmUgYm9va3MsIE90dG9tYW4g
bWFudXNjcmlwdHMsIGFzIHdlbGwgYXMgYm9vayBoaXN0b3J5IGFuZCBwcm9oaWJpdGVkIGJvb2tz
IG9mIEV1cm9wZS4gSGUgaXMgYSBtZW1iZXIgb2YgdGhlIElzbGFtaWMgbWFudXNjcmlwdCBBc3Nv
Y2lhdGlvbiBpbiBDYW1icmlkZ2UgYW5kIGhlIHNlcnZlZCBhcyB0aGUgVHVya2lzaCByZXByZXNl
bnRhdGl2ZSBmb3IgdGhlIEF6ZXJiYWlqYW5pIEluc3RpdHV0ZSBvZiBNYW51c2NyaXB0cyBiZXR3
ZWVuIDIwMTAtMjAxMy4gSGUgaXMgYWxzbyB3b3JraW5nIGZvciBoaXMgb3duIFByb2plY3QtIDxh
IGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly9yZWFkbWVudC5jb20iIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5yZWFkbWVudC5jb208
L2E+IFN0cnVjdHVyZWQgRGlnaXRhbCBsaWJyYXJ5IFByb2plY3QuPC9zcGFuPjwvcD48cCBzdHls
ZT0ibWFyZ2luOjAuNGVtIDBweCAwLjVlbTtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxLjVlbSI+PHNwYW4gc3R5bGU9
ImZvbnQtc2l6ZToxMi43cHgiPjxicj48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxwIHN0eWxlPSJtYXJnaW46MC40ZW0g
MHB4IDAuNWVtO2xpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjEuNWVtIj48c3BhbiBzdHlsZT0iZm9udC1zaXplOjEyLjdw
eCI+SEVBVEhFUiBXQUNIQTwvc3Bhbj48L3A+PHAgc3R5bGU9Im1hcmdpbjowLjRlbSAwcHggMC41
ZW07bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MS41ZW0iPjxzcGFuIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LXNpemU6MTIuN3B4Ij5BcyBh
IENMSVIgUG9zdGRvY3RvcmFsIEZlbGxvdyBpbiBEYXRhIEN1cmF0aW9uIGZvciBNZWRpZXZhbCBT
dHVkaWVzLCBJIHdvdWxkIGJlIGRlbGlnaHRlZCB0byBzZXJ2ZSBvbiB0aGUgRGlnaXRhbCBNZWRp
ZXZhbGlzdCBFeGVjdXRpdmUgQm9hcmQuIE15IGludGVyZXN0IGFuZCBwYXNzaW9uIGZvciB0aGUg
ZGlnaXRhbCBodW1hbml0aWVzIGJlZ2FuIHdoaWxlIEkgd2FzIHdvcmtpbmcgb24gbXkgZG9jdG9y
YXRlLCB3aGVuIGEgR0lTIGNsYXNzIHNob3dlZCBtZSBob3cgdG8gYXNrIG5ldyByZXNlYXJjaCBx
dWVzdGlvbnMgb2YgbXkgMTN0aC1jZW50dXJ5IHNvdXJjZXMuIEkgd2FzIGFsc28gaW50ZXJlc3Rl
ZCBpbiBkaXNzZW1pbmF0aW5nIHB1YmxpYyBoaXN0b3J5IHByb2plY3RzIHZpYSBkaWdpdGFsIG1l
ZGlhIGFuZCBkZWNpZGVkIHRvIGNyZWF0ZSBhIHNldCBvZiBlZHVjYXRpb25hbCB2aWRlb3MgYWJv
dXQgbWVkaWV2YWwgbWFudXNjcmlwdHMuwqAgU2luY2UgdGhlbiBJIGhhdmUgdGFrZW4gb24gdGhl
IGRpZ2l0YWwgZWRpdGlvbiBvZiBhIDEzdGgtY2VudHVyeSBjYXJ0dWxhcnkgZnJvbSBub3J0aGVy
biBGcmFuY2UgdXNpbmcgVEVJIGVuY29kaW5nLCB0aGUgZWRpdGluZyBvZiBuaW5lIG1hcHBhbXVu
ZGkgaW4gRGlnaXRhbCBNYXhpbWEsIGEgc29mdHdhcmUgZW52aXJvbm1lbnQgZGV2ZWxvcGVkIGJ5
IE1hcnRpbiBGb3lzLCBwcm9mZXNzb3Igb2YgRW5nbGlzaCBhdCB0aGUgVW5pdmVyc2l0eSBvZiBX
aXNjb25zaW4sIGFuZCB0aGUgdXNlIG9mIHNvY2lhbCBuZXR3b3JrIGFuYWx5c2lzIGZvciB2aXN1
YWxpemluZyB0aGUgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwcyBiZXR3ZWVuIG1hcHBhbXVuZGkgYW5kIHRoZWlyIHRl
eHR1YWwgc291cmNlcy4gRm9yIG1lZGlldmFsaXN0cywgaXQgaXMgY3J1Y2lhbCB3ZSBjb250aW51
ZSB0byByZWNvZ25pemUgdGhlIGJlbmVmaXRzIG9mIHVzaW5nIGRpZ2l0YWwgdGVjaG5vbG9naWVz
IGluIG91ciBkaXNjaXBsaW5lIGFuZCBJIHNlZSBteSBwcmVzZW50IGFuZCBmdXR1cmUgY2FyZWVy
cyBoZWxwaW5nIG15c2VsZiBhbmQgb3RoZXJzIHB1dCB0aGVzZSB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMgaW50byBw
cmFjdGljZS48L3NwYW4+PC9wPjxiciBjbGFzcz0ibV8tOTA4MzU1NzI0NTk2OTM0NzMyOGluYm94
LWluYm94LUFwcGxlLWludGVyY2hhbmdlLW5ld2xpbmUiPjwvZGl2PjxkaXYgZGlyPSJsdHIiPi0t
IDxicj48L2Rpdj48ZGl2IGNsYXNzPSJnbWFpbF9zaWduYXR1cmUiIGRhdGEtc21hcnRtYWlsPSJn
bWFpbF9zaWduYXR1cmUiPjxkaXYgZGlyPSJsdHIiPjxkaXY+PHNwYW4+QWxiZXJ0byBDYW1wYWdu
b2xvLCBQaEQ8L3NwYW4+PC9kaXY+PGRpdj48Zm9udCBzdHlsZT0iY29sb3I6cmdiKDAsMCwwKTtm
b250LXNpemU6c21hbGw7bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6MTkuNXB4IiBmYWNlPSJ0cmVidWNoZXQgbXMsIHNh
bnMtc2VyaWYiPjxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNsaXIub3JnLyI+Q0xJUjwvYT48c3BhbiBj
bGFzcz0iaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtaW5ib3gtQXBw
bGUtY29udmVydGVkLXNwYWNlIj7CoDwvc3Bhbj5Qb3N0ZG9jdG9yYWwgRmVsbG93IGluIERhdGEg
Q3VyYXRpb24gZm9yIE1lZGlldmFsIFN0dWRpZXMswqA8L2ZvbnQ+PGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cDovL3d3
dy5sb2MuZ292L3ByZXNlcnZhdGlvbi9hYm91dC9ydC8iIHN0eWxlPSJmb250LWZhbWlseTomcXVv
dDt0cmVidWNoZXQgbXMmcXVvdDssc2Fucy1zZXJpZjtmb250LXNpemU6c21hbGw7bGluZS1oZWln
aHQ6MTkuNXB4Ij5MaWJyYXJ5IG9mIENvbmdyZXNzPC9hPjxmb250IHN0eWxlPSJjb2xvcjpyZ2Io
MCwwLDApO2ZvbnQtc2l6ZTpzbWFsbDtsaW5lLWhlaWdodDoxOS41cHgiIGZhY2U9InRyZWJ1Y2hl
dCBtcywgc2Fucy1zZXJpZiI+PGJyPjwvZm9udD5EaWdpdGFsIEh1bWFuaXRpZXMgJmFtcDsgQXJj
aGFlb2xvZ3kgb2YgdGhlIGJvb2sgUmVzZWFyY2hlcjwvZGl2PjxkaXY+PGk+PGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0
cHM6Ly9kaWdpdGFsbWVkaWV2YWxpc3Qud29yZHByZXNzLmNvbS8iPkRpZ2l0YWwgTWVkaWV2YWxp
c3QgRGlyZWN0b3I8L2E+PC9pPjxicj48YnI+TW9iLiArMS0yMDItNzY2LTk2MjYgKFVTQSk8YnI+
PHNwYW4+TW9iLiArNDQgKDApNzkxNyA3OTMxODUgKFVLKTwvc3Bhbj48ZGl2Pk1vYi4gKzM5IDM0
NyAxMSA2NyAzNTUgKElUKTxicj5MaW5rZWRJbjrCoDxhIGhyZWY9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cubGlua2Vk
aW4uY29tL2luL2FjYW1wYWdub2xvIj53d3cubGlua2VkaW4uY29tL2luL2FjYW1wYWdub2xvPC9h
PjwvZGl2PjwvZGl2PjwvZGl2PjwvZGl2Pgo
