Subject: [dm-l] Funded PhD: A study and critical edition of the Carolingian

 Classics/School of Languages, Literatures and Cultures/CASSCS National:
Funded PhD Scholarship

*Project Title: *A study and critical edition of the Carolingian
compilation *De Astronomia *in Laon, Bibliothèque Municipale, MS 422



*Supervisor*:  Dr Jacopo Bisagni (Classics / School of Languages,
Literatures and Cultures / CASSCS / NUI, Galway)



*Duration:* Funded for 4 years (Structured PhD), full-time.



*Project description: *This Structured PhD project is a component of the
larger project ‘Ireland and Carolingian Brittany: Texts and Transmission’
(IrCaBriTT), funded by the Laureate Scheme of the Irish Research Council
(IRC) and led by Dr Jacopo Bisagni.

The successful applicant will transcribe, edit and analyse the Carolingian
astronomical/computistical compilation titled *De Astronomia*, contained in
the early 9th-century manuscript Laon, Bibliothèque Municipale, 422
(hereafter abbreviated as L).

In particular, thorough source-criticism of L will be aimed at identifying
all the sources that underlie this impressive scientific encyclopaedia and
the textual strata that compose it. Central to this work will be the
attempt to understand the exact relationship between L and other Early
Medieval manuscripts that share textual materials with it (especially
Cologne, Dombibliothek, MS 83-II): this detailed analysis will focus on (A)
the possible role played by Brittany in the creation of some of the textual
strata that constitute the compilation *De Astronomia*, and (B) the exact
route of transmission followed by the materials of Irish origin found
therein.

The PhD student will moreover study the language of L, in order to
retrieve, for example, syntactic and/or lexical peculiarities that may be
attributable to specific forms of regional Latinity (e.g. Breton, Irish
etc.).

It is expected that the PhD thesis – which will constitute this project’s
main deliverable – will contain: (1) a comprehensive study of the contents,
underlying sources and overall significance of L; (2) a critical edition of *De
Astronomia*, accompanied by an English translation, a philological
*apparatus*, and further *apparati *indicating sources and wider parallels;
(3) a detailed textual commentary.



*Stipend:*  €16,000 per annum; fees for 4 years: €23,000 (€5,750 x 4).

*Entry Requirements:*

   - *Essential requirements:*
   (1) undergraduate or postgraduate degree (awarded or pending) in a
   relevant academic area (relevant areas include but are not limited to:
   Classics, Medieval Studies, Celtic Studies, Historical Linguistics);

   (2) at least 1 year of study of Latin at University level (or extensive
   study of Latin at Secondary School level);

   (3) evidence of basic reading knowledge of French and/or German.

   - *Desirable requirements:*
   (1) knowledge of Medieval Latin palaeography;

   (2) knowledge of Old Irish and/or Old Breton;

   (3) previous study/research experience in the area of Ancient and/or
   Medieval ‘scientific’ literature (e.g. *computus*, astronomy, music,
   medicine, etc.).

   *Expected start date:*  3 September 2018

   *How to apply:*
   Please send the following documents to Dr Jacopo Bisagni, via e-mail to
_redacted_(a)nuigalway.ie
   - a letter of introduction
   - a current CV, indicating in particular your research experience
   - the names of *two* referees.
   - a writing sample such as an academic essay, an article, a chapter from
   a dissertation, etc. (samples should preferably be written in English or
   Irish, although samples in French, German, Italian and Spanish will also be
   acceptable).
   - a personal research statement (max. 400 words), outlining your
   motivations for applying for this Scholarship, and describing how this
   project relates to your own research interests.

   *Closing date for applications:*  1 June 2018, 5pm

   For informal discussion, contact Dr Jacopo Bisagni at 00353 (0)91 495963
_redacted_(a)nuigalway.ie

   Further information about Classics and the Moore Institute at NUI,
   Galway is available at https://www.nuigalway.ie/classics/ and
   http://mooreinstitute.ie/

   Further information on CAMPS (the Centre for Antique, Medieval &
   Pre-Modern Studies at NUI, Galway) is available at
   http://www.nuigalway.ie/camps/

   Useful information about PhDs at NUI, Galway can be accessed at
   http://www.nuigalway.ie/courses/research-postgraduate-programmes/


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