Subject: [dm-l] Call for Reviews: "Tools and Environments for Digital

Dear digital medievalists,

The Institute for Documentology and Scholarly Editing (IDE) is calling 
for reviews for a special issue of the journal RIDE, dedicated to Tools 
and Environments for Digital Scholarly Editing (DSE):
https://www.i-d-e.de/cfr-tools/

To guide reviewers through the review process and to create a structure 
for the evaluation, we provide Criteria for Reviewing Digital Tools and 
Environments for DSE that are supposed to be applicable to various types 
of resources. The guidelines (Version 1.0) can be found here:
https://www.i-d-e.de/publikationen/weitereschriften/criteria-tools-version-1/

Reviews will be accepted until the 31st of May 2019.

We kindly ask you to email us before start reviewing a tool at 
ride-tools (at) i-d-e.de with a suggestion of which resource you would 
like to review and with a short explanation of your affiliation and area 
of expertise. This is important in order to avoid multiple reviews of 
the same tool.

Background

In the introduction to his book Software takes command (Bloomsbury 
Publishing, 2013) Lev Manovich states that "software has become our 
interface to the world, to others, to our memory and our imagination". 
Is the same happening in the world of digital scholarly editing? 
Certainly we cannot ignore their fundamental role in our daily scholarly 
practices and in the interactions with our objects of study. Insofar as 
tools shape scholarly editions, they also shape scholarly editing.

A new RIDE issue is devoted to tools for digital scholarly editing. The 
aim of this issue is to:

  * contribute to the discussion about tooling in Digital Humanities,
  * bring to the forefront the instruments instead of the final products,
  * provide a venue for discussing best practices in the development and
    usage of tools,
  * list useful resources for all those involved in scholarly editing.

Beyond that, we hope that the critical examination of digital tools 
draws greater attention to the (scholarly) achievements that their 
creation and maintenance imply.

The journal RIDE was founded in 2014 to "provide a forum in which expert 
peers criticise and discuss the efforts of digital editors in order to 
improve current practices and advance future developments" (RIDE 
Editorial). RIDE is Open Access, reviews are published as HTML and 
downloadable as TEI. All reviews will be peer reviewed in order to reach 
a high quality level of the evaluations. The special issue on Digital 
Tools and Environments for DSE will be edited by Anna-Maria Sichani 
(University of Sussex) and Elena Spadini (University of Lausanne).
Submission details

Reviews are accepted in English, French, Italian, and Spanish. The 
length of the review can vary depending on how much the resource offers 
that is worthy of discussion (approximately 2000-5000 words).

Please submit your review at ride-tools (at) i-d-e.deÂ  as an editable 
text file (preferably, but not necessarily docx to facilitate the 
conversion to TEI). Please send illustrations as separate image files 
(jpg or png) and leave a note in the text as a placeholder for each 
image. In addition to the text, we collect keywords. Each review should 
be accompanied by a short abstract in English, independently of the 
language used in the main text.

For further information please check the general RIDE guidelines and 
information on writing and submitting:
http://ride.i-d-e.de/reviewers/guidelines/
http://ride.i-d-e.de/reviewers/writing-and-submitting/

The questionnaire mentioned in the submission checklist has been 
designed for scholarly digital editions so far. We will keep you 
informed about how to proceed with the questionnaire for this special issue.

All reviews will be peer reviewed in order to reach a high quality level 
of the evaluations. We believe that this is important because the 
evaluation of digital scholarly resources usually requires a double 
expertise in digital methods as well as in individual disciplines. This 
is also to increase the credit for reviews.
Suggestions for review

The following list is merely alphabetically and not comprehensive:

  * Annotation Studio <http://www.annotationstudio.org/>
  * Apache OpenNLP <https://opennlp.apache.org/>
  * CATview <http://catview.uzi.uni-halle.de/>
  * Classical Text Editor <http://cte.oeaw.ac.at/>
  * CollateX <http://collatex.net/>
  * CorrespSearch <https://correspsearch.net/>
  * CWRC-Writer <https://github.com/cwrc/CWRC-WriterBase>
  * Digital Mappa <https://digitalmappa.org/>
  * ecdosis <http://ecdosis.rocks>
  * ediarum <http://www.bbaw.de/en/telota/software/ediarum>
  * eLaborate <http://elaborate.huygens.knaw.nl/>
  * EVT <http://evt.labcd.unipi.it/>
  * FreeLing 4.0 <http://nlp.lsi.upc.edu/freeling/>
  * FromThePage <https://fromthepage.com/>
  * FuD <https://fud.uni-trier.de/>
  * Image Markup Tool <https://tapor.uvic.ca/~mholmes/image_markup/>
  * Juxta Commons <http://juxtacommons.org/>
  * Kiln <http://kcl-ddh.github.io/kiln/>
  * LombardPress <http://lombardpress.org/>
  * ManuscriptDesk <https://manuscriptdesk.uantwerpen.be/md/Main_Page>
  * MOM-CA <https://github.com/icaruseu/mom-ca/wiki>
  * New Testament Virtual Manuscript Room (NTVMR)
    <http://ntvmr.uni-muenster.de/de/manuscript-workspace>
  * Omeka <https://omeka.org/>
  * oXygen <http://oxygenxml.com/>
  * PhiloEditor <http://site1705.web.cs.unibo.it/phed/>
  * Scripto <http://scripto.org/>
  * Stanford NLP <https://nlp.stanford.edu/software/>
  * T-Pen <http://www.t-pen.org/TPEN/>
  * TEI Critical Apparatus Toolbox <http://teicat.huma-num.fr/>
  * TEI-Publisher
    <http://teipublisher.com/exist/apps/tei-publisher-home/index.html>
  * TextGrid <https://textgrid.de/en/>
  * Pundit <http://thepund.it/>
  * Transcribo <http://transcribo.org/en/>
  * Transkribus <https://transkribus.eu/Transkribus/>
  * TUSTEP <http://www.tustep.uni-tuebingen.de/tustep_eng.html>
  * Versioning Machine <http://v-machine.org/>
  * WMRCRE <http://vmrcre.org/>
  * Zooniverse <https://www.zooniverse.org/>

More Digital Tools and Environments can be found on dedicated lists and 
in catalogs, for example:

  * TEI-Wiki Editing Tools
    <https://wiki.tei-c.org/index.php/Category:Editing_tools> ( last
    modified on 2015-02-20)
  * DIRT <http://dirtdirectory.org> (last update 2015-04-24)
  * TAPOR 3.0 <http://tapor.ca/home>

On behalf of the editors,
Franz



--4918660736866331418Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment; filenameúttachment.html"
MIME-Version: 1.0
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