Subject: [dm-l] Help with our high-quality historical OCR app

Dear all,

We are a small 2-person not-for-profit company called Rescribe
working on OCR for historical printed works, such as you would find
on Internet Archive and Google Books. So far we have primarily
worked with academic research projects and libraries to provide
transcriptions of collections of interest to them, but have always
been invested in broadening our work to help individuals get high
quality OCR results, too.

In recent months we have devoted more time to community-oriented
open source software, developing a free desktop tool to perform
high-quality OCR on modern and historic printed text. At the moment,
this tool can only be run from the command line, but we’ve been
encouraged by anecdotal feedback and a very positive independent
review of our tool
<https://classicalstudies.org/scs-blog/hmcelroy/blog-review-latinocr-and-rescribe>
to make this tool more accessible. We would like to achieve this by
creating a simple Graphic User Interface (GUI) for Windows, Mac and
Linux, potentially with additional functionality built in.

As the focus of this work is on providing useful tools to
individuals, rather than catering to a large project, we are
interested in trying a crowdfunding campaign in order to finance the
development of this GUI and get interested parties directly involved
in the actual development process. Before starting the crowdfunding
campaign itself, however, we would like to take a chance and gauge
interest from potential participants. We’ve composed a 30-second,
3-question survey where potential participants can register interest
and have their say on future features of the tool, see here:
https://forms.gle/AZcKpsbzQQajSE4j6
Please fill it out if you have a moment, and forward it on to anyone
you think might be interested.

In the meantime, any questions, comments and suggestions are all
_redacted_(a)rescribe.xyz!

All the very best,

Nick + Antonia from Rescribe

https://rescribe.xyz

--7424320945976765206-

